Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: In an abandoned fortress perched above a river valley, a group of adventures as finishing a late breakfast.
Timothy Sackton: Earlier this morning, the same castle was filled with fans of battle as you fought against a band of nose and their allies who are stationed here.
Timothy Sackton: Now, however, little moves in the castle. The sudden quiet, broken only by the coffin. This sounds of dozens and dozens of wild beasts hyenas dogs mountain lions jackals and more braying and howling and hunger and pain.
Timothy Sackton: Yesterday evening you defeated a demonic presence, a large horned goat headed creature with barb tail and vicious claws.
Timothy Sackton: But the black feeling in the air is not completely dissipated across the inner courtyard of the castle, Miss drift from pools of dark water.
Timothy Sackton: Carrying the stench of rotting flesh and sulfur in the valley below the river flows sluggishly through clusters of breezed red vines and thorny bushes.
Timothy Sackton: As you eaten rest small clues and hints of the mystery of this place drift across your minds in the inner keep a pile of dead antelope some ritually desecrated by the demon before its death last
Timothy Sackton: In the outdoor courtyard, the dead Knowles and the Damaris beer and vial of accurate hissing liquid on the leader.
Timothy Sackton: The barracks and outbuildings a locked room crates of weapons are ruined building with old blast marks and ever present the sounds of animals and distress.
Timothy Sackton: As you finish your breakfast.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo or sorry, well beam.
Timothy Sackton: Looks up, having just completed his sketch of the ruins.
We're
Timothy Sackton: Giving you some context to organize your thoughts as you contemplate your next move.
Oh,
Timothy Sackton: So you are you are out here on in this this plaza
Mike Sackton: So we, we never figured out like Wasn't there some sort of is the unexplored mists and fog that like weird liquid
Timothy Sackton: Pools
Timothy Sackton: Okay, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what does that the main place we've not explored.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you
Mike Sackton: Ever been out towards the valley, right, which
Timothy Sackton: Haven't been out towards the valley down with has been keeping watch, but you
Timothy Sackton: Haven't been out there. You've briefly glance through the barracks, but not explored in detail you explored the keep in a fair bit of detail and these are the two towers these towers, which were in your sort of your main base.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: You haven't explored this at all.
Timothy Sackton: And you've only sort of briefly looked clients through the barracks, but not
Timothy Sackton: But not really explored them any depth and you haven't been done to the valley in the in this outer courtyard, there are still three hyenas in pets that seeker made that of. Whoa.
Timothy Sackton: That in the stables are the
Timothy Sackton: Are the, you know,
Timothy Sackton: five dozen or so animals.
Timothy Sackton: Hungry and
Timothy Sackton: Howling and making the only sound really that's
Timothy Sackton: Echoing across this place.
Eric Rosenbaum: We feed those guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: Were creatures.
Mike Sackton: So just
Mike Sackton: Like what do we know so far.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let me get out my
David: Hair. We do this in character.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Trying to get out my
Eric Rosenbaum: Book of unanswered questions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it feels like before we free these animals, we should figure out what's going on with this poison fog thing over here because I think we release the animals and they go into that nice and it turned into knows I don't think we're going to be very happy with their souls.
David: Yeah, we need a way, ultimately, to get them out safely.
Mike Sackton: But also, is this, is this the source of these creatures. Is this the source of the attacks or is it just an outpost.
Mike Sackton: I don't know how we tell
That we killed
Eric Rosenbaum: Will if we if we let them loose and track them. What, what are you suggesting
Kate Sackton: I mean, are they like sort of thinking monster hyenas. They're not just taking three
Timothy Sackton: They're just
Mike Sackton: Now, they're just, I just time. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But they're not. They seem to have been
Timothy Sackton: Better treated or
Timothy Sackton: You know, somehow they seem to be they they are you know gaunt and hungry and chained up right there. They were following the noles who came to
Timothy Sackton: Do something get something investigate something from the key for you then killed all of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: That there's a hypothesis here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which is that the noles are
Eric Rosenbaum: Being made from
Mike Sackton: Can we
Mike Sackton: Well, that's mean is that would be a great thing to sort of prove or disprove right there any way we can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, let's think about the, you know what, what's going on with that demon that we killed. I mean, that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was doing something to those those animals. Remember, he was scratching them. That's me antelopes and it was it was it was do I, I don't know if that was part of the
David: transformation process.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We didn't really get to watch it complete whatever it is doing so.
Eric Rosenbaum: There was exactly what it was.
Kate Sackton: So there's all sorts of tainted stuff. There's tainted meat. There's tainted water and there's tainted miss if any one of them is sufficient to turn these
Kate Sackton: pent up animals into army monsters. I mean, we're the crew ventures, who brought along a rabbit name taster for
Kate Sackton: For down with experiments on animals. Let's just feed some of these creatures these three different elements alone or in combination and see what happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: taster has done his bold brave service in tasting the water on the way here, and is now retired from active service.
Kate Sackton: But there's millions of hungry.
Kate Sackton: hyenas, or whatever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happened to taste her when they tested the water
Eric Rosenbaum: So, if I recall correctly on the way here. We came through passive way through the mountains on the other side of this valley, and there was water there and weren't sure if that was tainted water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right.
Mike Sackton: But I'm nothing after it wasn't tainted right
Right.
Mike Sackton: So, I mean, have we learned enough
Mike Sackton: To report back
No.
Mike Sackton: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We understand why not with the fog whatever this this crazy mystic father
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm sorry. Let's go explore the fall guy.
David: Let's do a more thorough search of the Barretts first
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
I think that's a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: There's
Timothy Sackton: Two. So the way that this is this the sort of outer outbuildings outer forts, whatever. I'm the one that's closer to the cliffs. So this one over here.
Timothy Sackton: So both of them are set up so that there's stairs that go up to the second floor. And then the door the doorway in enters on the second floor. There's no entrance on the ground level.
Timothy Sackton: The one that is up against the cliffs, the second floor is largely in in
Timothy Sackton: Ruins like it's the roof is shattered.
Timothy Sackton: It seems to
Timothy Sackton: More and you can look down on the sort of mists and fog from the roof, the one that's against the outer wall is is still intact and and and in good shape.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which means first
Kate Sackton: There's six of us could split happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that sounds good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: He's going
Eric Rosenbaum: To the rebel one
Mike Sackton: Intact one
David: Go to the in touch with us.
Timothy Sackton: Brisbane in Kinzer, where are you going
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going with going with the secret. Okay.
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: VIOLA. Is she is
What is she doing
Timothy Sackton: She is gonna go with the folks going to the intact building
Timothy Sackton: So okay, so seeker well be and Kenzo are going to the Rubble, Rubble. The building is that right
Mike Sackton: Now well he's coming with dealt with you.
Timothy Sackton: So just seeker and Kenza
Mike Sackton: And wrestling.
Timothy Sackton: And reason isn't okay
Timothy Sackton: So as you as you climb the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: You can see and you I forget who Kurt briefly explored this
Timothy Sackton: Last time but but I remember what have you looked around briefly and and the impression that the three of you get kind of climbing up the stairs and looking around, is the same as before. It's so this was maybe once a hall or a
Timothy Sackton: Sort of a
Timothy Sackton: You know mess hall like great hall of the of the barracks and there's stairs that go down.
Timothy Sackton: But it's been
Timothy Sackton: It looks almost like it's been trashed by a large creature like the walls are cracked there's burn marks old clearly weathered burn marks on the
Timothy Sackton: On the stone. It's sort of been the rebels been sort of smashed and moved around a little bit to make a clear area.
Timothy Sackton: And if you can all give me
Timothy Sackton: I guess I would say
Timothy Sackton: Perception checks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Already rubble smashing are we talking like
Eric Rosenbaum: Something mechanically existed or very, very large and powerful.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so
Timothy Sackton: On aren't quite distracted by by the damage and
Timothy Sackton: And spend a while, kind of, so
Timothy Sackton: So there's actually one place where you can sort of see the cliff wall behind the wall and it's sort of cracked a little bit and you can actually see some
Eric Rosenbaum: Some theological strata some
Timothy Sackton: geological strata in there so
Timothy Sackton: It's actually
Like
Timothy Sackton: Sort of like an uplift like like what you see sometimes on like
Timothy Sackton: Mountains in New Hampshire, where there's like a bear patch of granite, or you can see kind of the stone substrate behind and you can see it sort of
Timothy Sackton: Metamorphic layers and the rock that have been twisted in your invest, you know you you get quite distracted by
Eric Rosenbaum: There might be some microscopic marine fossils there and I get my face, really close.
Timothy Sackton: However resin and Kenzo I'm looking around, you find
Timothy Sackton: So rocks. So there's like it almost looks like some, you know, some, some of these rocks and and rubble was almost like piled up into
Timothy Sackton: A nest, like a
Timothy Sackton: You know, a large like 15 foot wide sort of circle clear area that then has like a little bit of rubble around it and I'm
Timothy Sackton: Sort of
Timothy Sackton: hidden among rocks and and this sort of Strada, and Rubble in this like almost nest sort of area are
Timothy Sackton: A handful of things. So you find a golden ring.
Timothy Sackton: Set with small red gems.
Timothy Sackton: A silver locket that has a faded.
Timothy Sackton: Painted
Timothy Sackton: ruffling inside it.
Timothy Sackton: To small pieces of amber
Timothy Sackton: I'm a small Ruby that almost seems to glow with an inner light.
Timothy Sackton: And a
Timothy Sackton: What looks like an old helm.
Timothy Sackton: Elaborate elaborate design sort of made of silver with like wings on the side a little pointed spike on the top.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm like scratching the wall and likely
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Result. I have had found nothing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's nothing over here at all just chocolate.
Timothy Sackton: And on that.
Timothy Sackton: So, so
Timothy Sackton: poking around on the lower floor. So you can go down.
Timothy Sackton: There. So this looks like it was used as sleeping quarters or or or there's like piles of straw and dirt sort of pushed into beds. It smells kind of foul.
Timothy Sackton: Scattered around, there's, you know, the, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Like a couple sort of patches and things just
Timothy Sackton: Tossed you know carelessly around and there's some sort of scattered coins don't seem to be have been carefully collected or treasure, just like you know a pouch was like sort of thrown carelessly aside and sort of coins scattered across
Timothy Sackton: You do. And there's, you know, a few like sort of random
Timothy Sackton: trinkets and and
Timothy Sackton: Ah, sort of,
Timothy Sackton: You know, bits of detritus like a shriveled ear of some kind of humanoid
Timothy Sackton: pendant of would sort of carved into a
Timothy Sackton: Sort of abstracts shape with blood smeared on it a necklace with the teeth of some kind of carnivore um
Timothy Sackton: Some bits of like pieces of leather armor pieces of, you know, arrows kind of scattered about this seems to be, you know, where the noles work had been
Timothy Sackton: Sleeping.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I'm just thinking there was some kind of giant nest upstairs that you saw
Kate Sackton: I would, you know, not being an expert in Mythical Beasts, but if you see a giant Ness and destroyed building and there's some treasure there. Does that say dragons anybody else.
Kate Sackton: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a reasonable question. Hopefully as long since departed.
Kate Sackton: This is pretty remote. But do you think you might have heard something about that neighborhood.
Timothy Sackton: So you do recall that
Timothy Sackton: Viola had mentioned some rumors of a
Timothy Sackton: Three headed beast.
Eric Rosenbaum: That has several, several too many heads.
Kate Sackton: So she wasn't just making up stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but is it dead, or is it just away and not here right now and going back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there evidence that it's like it's like an active nest or is it like an abandoned nest.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, no, it definitely seems a band and
Timothy Sackton: Like there's not that the stuff you find is not, you know, carefully piled up. It's like the bits of treasure that were underneath a rock or sort of kicked to the side buried under, under dirt or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I, can I see some of those things.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to look at it and very curious about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, can we, uh, I'm going to detect some magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, there was a glowing gem to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I can't detect magic, good and evil.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I had that until about 10 minutes ago.
Timothy Sackton: You need $1 to detect magic.
I can detail magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tower.
Mike Sackton: I'm in the shower, though, which is
Mike Sackton: A big mystery. We don't know what's in this Tower yet.
Timothy Sackton: That's okay.
Kate Sackton: 25 things
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's
Mike Sackton: This weekend the dead five things right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, reason. What I'm what are, what are these items.
Mike Sackton: Can you not detect magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh I swap room as well.
Mike Sackton: No, no, raise one. Don't you have to
Mike Sackton: Do not have to take magic.
Mike Sackton: It's not something
Kate Sackton: Remember, having
Timothy Sackton: So yes, you can identify things, but you can't detect magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: The very last item was a home.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep. Right.
Timothy Sackton: There was
Eric Rosenbaum: Got all the details.
Timothy Sackton: Here, I'll put everything in chat.
Kate Sackton: Thanks, like the glow girls and the
Kate Sackton: Hammer.
Kate Sackton: It dealt with, say, these are magic but I don't know what they do. And then I said,
Mike Sackton: I haven't we haven't been together yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, yeah, we should
Kate Sackton: Think about the magic key things that we found back in the my family's treasure.
Mike Sackton: Right, I forgot what those where
Mike Sackton: There's a medieval things. I don't think Dallas. Got any of the
Timothy Sackton: South didn't get any of them. I
Kate Sackton: Mean, they blow things people who can't see in the dark took and
Kate Sackton: Some potions and
Timothy Sackton: Right, right. So, ah,
Timothy Sackton: Let's uh, let's cut to the
Timothy Sackton: Well be endowed with exploring the an envelope exploring the better preserved building
Timothy Sackton: So as you had up I'm
Timothy Sackton: Down with you. Let me do it. Let's do
Mike Sackton: It, you want to give me your perception jack
Timothy Sackton: So as you head up the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Large room it again. It has a sort of similar layout, where there's a hall or some sort of
Timothy Sackton: This from is is a large open open room that maybe was used as like a training or training room or aspiring room or something.
Timothy Sackton: You can see on the far wall, the same hobgoblin symbol that you have seen in several places in this for the blackened cloth.
Timothy Sackton: Three fingers that have been burned down to the bone.
Timothy Sackton: Painted sort of crudely, right, not as nice as the design in the tower, this looks more like quick charcoal graffiti, that sort of thing.
Timothy Sackton: There is up several crates and sort of piles of weapons and armor. So, um,
Timothy Sackton: You know, to two crates of swords, not
Timothy Sackton: Particularly good quality swords.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, but
Timothy Sackton: A number of sort of weapons piled up also, um, you know, some some armor.
Timothy Sackton: Bows and Arrows and these these are
Timothy Sackton: You know seem like they've been relatively recently brought here, not the, you know, these are wooden crates that are not decaying the armor is not in good shape, but it's not rusting and old right um
Mike Sackton: For any, any idea where I mean it's not in it. Is it like done Mari, is it
Mike Sackton: from far away. Can we tell where it was coming from.
Timothy Sackton: So it's a
Timothy Sackton: It's not
Timothy Sackton: Some of them. Some of these I some of these seem to be
Timothy Sackton: Done Mari in design. Some of them are
Timothy Sackton: Sort of crude quick construction.
Timothy Sackton: without careful attention to detail or anything like that, just very functional quickly.
Timothy Sackton: Quickly forged items.
Timothy Sackton: There's no but it's they're not from any there's not a consistent theme across everything right. So they seem to be
Timothy Sackton: collected from a variety of sources you do see a number of them have a, um, the, the armor, in particular, right, and a handful of shields are painted with a sort of a bloodied wolves head motif on them.
Mike Sackton: And how is this enough. I mean, I, you might have already said, but how much is it like, is this like 10 hub goblins or an army.
Timothy Sackton: No, this
Timothy Sackton: noser. This is like
Timothy Sackton: You know, equipment, probably for 80 to 100 soldiers.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So it's you know it's a
Timothy Sackton: Notable chunk.
Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Mike Sackton: I'll, I'll take the time to activate Facebook while we're here,
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: That's the top floor.
Timothy Sackton: None of this equipment is magical
Timothy Sackton: Going down the stairs. The downstairs here seems not to be barracks so much as
Timothy Sackton: Like a series of of store rooms of
Timothy Sackton: Like pantry, you know, food storage that that sort of thing, mostly completely empty and dusty except for one room where the door has been locked with a rusting chain and a padlock through the chain.
Mike Sackton: Was open. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you want to try and pick the lock. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So give me a
Timothy Sackton: It would be DAX plus your proficiency bonus so
David: Was eight
Timothy Sackton: Eight. I'm the walk is so this is an extremely rusty lock and it's quite tricky to
Timothy Sackton: To sort of find a way to
Timothy Sackton: pry it open with your, with your lock picks.
David: This my rusty broken Keith to this luck.
Timothy Sackton: Your key is broken.
Timothy Sackton: In pieces, but it does, it could potentially fit if you could
Timothy Sackton: Repair it
Mike Sackton: Where did you get a rescue booking to
Mike Sackton: Remember that
David: Down in the tunnels.
David: Near the, oh, actually in the hobgoblin barracks room in the tunnels underground near the
David: Iron robot thing.
David: Says, potentially contemporary to this, though, if this
David: Is how founders.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you tell us about it.
David: But did. I'm pretty sure I
David: Don't if you have mending I do
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I thought
Kate Sackton: I knew you haven't broken key.
Mike Sackton: mending would fix the key.
Kate Sackton: I know
Kate Sackton: We're in different places.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Well, we can join up.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, not far apart.
Kate Sackton: I'll come running in and be like, look at this cool Hellman.
David: Is broken key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we reunite in this in this power.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or any of those things magic.
Timothy Sackton: Um, yes. The
Timothy Sackton: The Ruby is magical
Timothy Sackton: And seems to contain tightly wound conjugation energy and the helm is magical
Timothy Sackton: With
Timothy Sackton: AB duration energy and who is carrying the spear from the no leader, by the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I had maybe
David: You've added it to your spirit collection.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so also notice that the
Timothy Sackton: That the the noles the know leaders sphere is also magical
Timothy Sackton: Dealt with as you're looking around, I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Have curation energy
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I take the locket that's got the the faded portrait of a happening inside and I toss it over to a wealthy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Family member
David: What, what is this thing.
David: Wait. Also, David Schwartz was no super paying attention. What is this
Timothy Sackton: So, it
Timothy Sackton: Opens up and has a faded portrait of a of a young happening man inside
David: Versus from
Mike Sackton: Yeah where's the stuff from this is a guy with will will walk at the at the Ruby and kind of his eyes open and what all in
Mike Sackton: That in the helm are
Mike Sackton: Viewed with magical energy
Mike Sackton: Well, and that sphere, you're carrying Kenzo to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm glad it is I've been bins thing as heavy as hell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Where are these from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the ruin barracks. The in the ruin tower there. It looks like some kind of strange nest where there's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think a long time ago, long abandon but some kind of creature was holed up there and had a pension for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Collecting items. It seems we we found these more in the rubble. These were kind of tucked away, but maybe they're useful and maybe it's a family heirloom, while the you recognize the curve you recognize this guy in there.
David: I'm thinking deeply
Kate Sackton: I'd also be glad to sit down and
Kate Sackton: Cast some prayerful rituals over these magical items and see if I can learn more about their natures.
Mike Sackton: I would be
Timothy Sackton: If that guy.
David: Was say
David: Will be reaches deep into a pocket struck by an idea and pulls it a broken key.
David: Fix this
Kate Sackton: Oh, I love to fix things.
Kate Sackton: You know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For any of you try to fix those things. I'm gonna try to pick this lock myself.
Mike Sackton: At the same time, they can't take it hurt to have a working key.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can't hurt to have confidence.
Timothy Sackton: So, okay, give Rolodex check just straight decks and then add plus two.
Timothy Sackton: A
Kate Sackton: Rare versus
Kate Sackton: Not thinking
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I guess that's the same that would be
David: You
Timothy Sackton: Know that it would, because he's perfect your profession and style. So it's the same role.
Timothy Sackton: So it's a 19 plus three plus t. So that's a 24
Timothy Sackton: Now, plus four plus stay with the 25 but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dancing. Okay.
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: So so well be after you pass the key off to raise when you're concentrating on the locket. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: While I type this
Timothy Sackton: One is really when you're identifying that you're just sitting in identifying items.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I've cleared off a little space that I can make a bit of a object workshop and I'm tending to my ritual preparations for pondering items and and casting
Kate Sackton: spells on keys.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like to look at the amber
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm also eyeing the helmet.
Mike Sackton: The Amber was not magical
Timothy Sackton: The Amber is not magical right
Mike Sackton: And the ring was not magical
Timothy Sackton: The ring is not magical
Timothy Sackton: I'm I'm I'm writing to you it doesn't. Okay.
Kate Sackton: I'll be in case this key is have any future use inner explorations and return it to you.
Kate Sackton: In a functional states.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For this lock, as I think that's all this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas as cochlea.
Kate Sackton: Most certainly did.
David: Well done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What can I say
Kate Sackton: In there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I used to be into stealing things before I became a monk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really, I guess I still kind of like stealing things
Mike Sackton: I'm Tim
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm gonna kind of wander outside while they're doing this and more closely with my face site at the unexplored mists
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Is there any, like, I just. Is there, is there any. Is this a place of connection to anywhere.
Is there anything
Mike Sackton: Here.
David: Is the said hell no.
Timothy Sackton: Good question.
Timothy Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: I will spend a few minutes.
David: Was as you're doing that. And Tim as you're typing us to the cancer.
David: Cancer, I didn't, I didn't know that. How, how did you end up becoming a monk. After all, that seems like a big career change.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I gotta say is what Morrisville as well around
Timothy Sackton: Um, SHE IS WAIT TO HAVE YOU. Yeah, she is. She's actually now asking, she comes over and says, Can I look, I look at that home for a moment.
Kate Sackton: No, I'm still working on it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. She is kind of lurking over resins shoulder like
Timothy Sackton: These items in particular, same town.
Mike Sackton: Is it at all. Similar to the spear points that we found the magic spear, didn't we find a magic spearpoint on the other guy.
Timothy Sackton: Magic spirit point
Mike Sackton: What was the wasn't there.
Timothy Sackton: The, the one that's enchanted with continual flame that you got from the
Timothy Sackton: Temple in the
Timothy Sackton: Know, this isn't at all, similar to that.
Mike Sackton: Wasn't there something magic that the guy.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that's a Smith had
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Ah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Spirit.
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't seem similar to that, particularly now.
Mike Sackton: Just I'm suspicious of all. I mean, I don't say this out loud, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah yeah I shared as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I kind of, I kind of
Kate Sackton: Y'all can settle, but I am also
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you know, growing up and chart in there were kind of the haves and the have nots. I was definitely one of the have nots.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some of the some Uncharted though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like to collect items and keeping for themselves and not sure what the people which I wasn't a huge fan of but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bull assures me that things either things have changed, or that there's a different perspective is that I should be thinking about, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: charton wasn't exactly the best place to grow up. I'd say
David: I pointedly look to villa, and then make eye contact back with you again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, you know, we'll see. These are, these are some crazy times whatever the hell is going on here. If it's spreading the way it's spreading
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Might not be too long before Charlie's got to deal with this as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever the hell this is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what do we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do we think about these items.
Timothy Sackton: Getting to that I'm
Kate Sackton: Still praying
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it takes like 1015 minutes praying over each one to get a sense, um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While he was so it. He didn't. He didn't say that this is relative this year. Do you have kids, we don't know about what's going on with that.
David: Will be all the sudden freezes double checking himself that he doesn't have kids. He doesn't
David: Certainly no one has told me that I have kids.
David: And I feel like they would have
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Found a break your grammar here. Certainly no one has told you that you have kids. So you could have kids.
David: So the lucky.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lucky
David: Lucky I do recognize. I know this luck it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know this lot i do you really notice locket
David: Oh, I remember it maybe 100 years ago.
David: The people whose it was were attacked some animal with the heads three heads a dragon, a goat and a lion.
David: swooping down from the sky.
David: Some of them escaped to go back and tell the story, but the one who's locked at this is didn't and that thing must have brought it back here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you know this specific Kathleen who's in that photograph.
David: I remember it.
David: The hatchlings
David: We didn't talk about this much, but we can remember each other's memories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's pretty cool. Sort of how you can talk into my head, sometimes is that is that related to that. So,
David: It is
David: A lot of people think
David: That people are different things, one from the other. But what happens, understand, is we're just waves on an ocean.
David: More all the same water so we can remember each other. We can talk to each other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, well you should join me in meditation sometimes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The sun exploring exactly this this concept of unity consciousness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I started thinking about it more deeply. Those two times I almost died.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't want to say you guys nearly killed me. But, you know, in combat. That was, that was it got pretty early there but
David: That's a good characterization of your own poor choices.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I feel
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like yeah, my own poor choices you're an ability to fight well in battle. Well, either.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's only for such excellent
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, this is this is fascinating though so well i think i mean whatever this Ness was, I think, you know, we heard we heard rumor of this three headed
Beast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long ago was it that thought that the half plane parish.
David: Maybe a century ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, worry about any three headed beast flying in go lion and
Dragon
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it could fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: How big was this thing.
Kate Sackton: They probably bashed in the roof because he couldn't get in the doors.
David: I wonder if that's what drove the hub goblins out of using the space as an encampment.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a history here, there's a whole sequence of different occupants of this place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We've seen different
Eric Rosenbaum: Different the different times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We found these items pretty easily. And it would be hard to imagine that the hog goblins would adjust bypass these so maybe I that's that's not an unreasonable idea there will be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My question is antenna, maybe this is a meta question. Is it common for there to be like like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, you know, like a three headed beast thing is this like weird or ugly or is that like kind of par for the course and tag or is it like they got other words don't understand is like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was there some other period where animals and we're kind of mutating and crossbreeding and stuff like they are kind of now with the Knowles and like you know and moles and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's like there's there's some kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Weird crossbreeding thing going on now is that happened before.
Timothy Sackton: So, so after
Timothy Sackton: Um, so after you know after the the death of Shabbat during the sort of blood years there was a especially in this area like touching sort of bordering on the
Timothy Sackton: That you know the desolation of the blasted planes and things that were for sure. Lots of of this sort of thing and and that was part of the purpose of this magical defenses that the mist if she couldn't set up was to sort of so you are actually on the far side of those defenses here.
Timothy Sackton: And it was to, you know,
Timothy Sackton: All of these strange beasts strange creatures things that were
Timothy Sackton: Called into into
Timothy Sackton: Being from all this chaotic energy released
Timothy Sackton: To keep them away from civilization, basically. So there is like you know any even now growing up, right, you would have certainly heard stories and charted OF of YOU KNOW WHAT'S ON THE EDGE OF of
Timothy Sackton: What's beyond the edge of civilization, the world now even 200 years after those events feels like there are these pockets of of safety and on the edges of civilization. There, there, you know, everybody's heard stories of these
You know,
Timothy Sackton: Strange things in the in the wilds so that's what in i mean
Timothy Sackton: It wouldn't you may you probably you mean if anybody wants to make a are kind of check you can roll to see how much you might know about this creature, but it wouldn't surprise you really to hear this story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mr chicken right now. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: One question is what's
Eric Rosenbaum: The relationship between gotta desk mother or desk mother yes teacher or the unrelated. Or could it be one of the same
Kate Sackton: historical periods.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, is that the case.
Eric Rosenbaum: Got to his current. What do we know that this three headed creature is from much longer ago
Kate Sackton: Well it existed hundred years ago to kill the Hobbit and it's not living here anymore so
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it probably would have gone out for smoke.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess it would be refuted.
Kate Sackton: No, no.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, where we where we could tell that the
Kate Sackton: That room was not currently occupied recently occupied
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe decades lungs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything else you want to learn about these items before we go investigate it, and this
Timothy Sackton: One I
Mike Sackton: Wanted outside
Timothy Sackton: I was just wondering on
Mike Sackton: And you would always get
Timothy Sackton: A little white Kenzo also went to go pick the lock on though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah, that's right. A lot
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm very happy about that.
Yeah.
David: Hold on, before he opens the door I hold my hand for the luck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You want the luck.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Toss over the life of the rescue luck to all the
David: This is the key fit to this luck.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
I keep
David: I lock it back up again and hold it up, put it in my pocket.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here.
Kate Sackton: Working set
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do we got
Timothy Sackton: Um, so
Timothy Sackton: This seems to be a storeroom of
Timothy Sackton: The more valuable materials of war of the black and claw tribes. So there are suits of armor chain mail plate half plate all rusting and bad conditions, but with this blackened claw emblem visible on them. A number of pole arms and great sorts
Timothy Sackton: Some potion bottles eight in total.
Timothy Sackton: And this
Mike Sackton: Is any of the armor repairable
Timothy Sackton: Could be. I mean,
Mike Sackton: Like is it actually have plate armor.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's a suit of have played armor. I'm
Mike Sackton: Always have played
Mike Sackton: Is it good enough that with a little bit of work into our men think spell it was would be usable.
Timothy Sackton: It's ah amending spell. No, it's too. It's rusted in enough places that
Timothy Sackton: It would not be, it would not be repairable simply with amending spell. If you wanted to lug it back to civilization, it probably could be repaired by a, you know, with some amount of time work by Smith.
Timothy Sackton: The suit of of half played in the commander's
Timothy Sackton: chambers and the tower was actually in better shape than than these.
Timothy Sackton: But more obviously how goblin in design, rather than having faith etchings it was boldly and blaze into it. This black cloud design.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: There are so eight potions. There are three um
Timothy Sackton: vials of sort of maybe well like almost look like oil flasks that are about this big and seem to be sealed with wax wax and look like sort of dried cracking hide.
Timothy Sackton: And then sort of dominating the room is the standard of the black and claw. It's a a pennant woven of cloth attached to a long sphere which, despite its obvious age on the blood red cloth is in remarkable condition and
Timothy Sackton: When you look at it, though the cloth symbol of the of the of this group of how goblins almost seems to be slightly flexing its fingers like almost moving slightly as if it's trying to grip something
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Kate Sackton: It's dealt with a Saint Nick of that.
Mike Sackton: I'm not here.
Timothy Sackton: Down with isn't there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looks like a magical man.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it does just just looking at it, it certainly seems that I'm
Timothy Sackton: LIKE IT LIKE IT SHOULDN'T BE IN THIS GOOD SHAPE AFTER 150 years if it wasn't magical right like you know the the metal has started to last, it's clear that that
Timothy Sackton: This is not a closed up dry store room there's water dripping in there's moisture when it rains when the winter rains comet, kind of, you know, leaks through right so
Clearly,
Timothy Sackton: If a cloth decoration has survived that long. It must be protected in some way by magic.
David: Risk when you have identify right like chicken.
David: Yeah, just
Kate Sackton: Like, that's what I'm ritually
Kate Sackton: Praying over
Kate Sackton: The other stuff.
David: Who's just do that on all the magic stuff.
David: See what we come up with
Eric Rosenbaum: A timeline you
Mike Sackton: Did you see I send you a note.
So we're not
Kate Sackton: Going to that. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: We're all in the like magic hobgoblin store room except for Dallas.
Timothy Sackton: While you're kind of finishing up
Timothy Sackton: Identify
Timothy Sackton: And follow as is sort of also kind of just lingering near there looking at the items.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Kate Sackton: One person first
I'm
Timothy Sackton: I'm so I think I sent you the three items that that you have near you. So do you got so okay so
Timothy Sackton: So are you. Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so what are the rest of you doing well. So, Dallas has wandered off.
Timothy Sackton: Brisbane is just finishing identifying items with Volo standing by her seeker well be and Kenzo are now in this hobgoblin storeroom.
Timothy Sackton: Are you going to head back, do you want to take anything
David: I want to ask her husband, like what's what's worth taking
Kate Sackton: And not fair for you.
Mike Sackton: Up there.
David: Right. All right. Yeah, let's go back please respond to tell us what's worth taking
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Making ritual motions over the items in the night, sort of come out of it and I noticed that the only other person around is a bull. So I continue making ritual emotions over the items.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David: proud about that time we get back to you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you are gathering
Mike Sackton: Back in as well.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody gathers back. Ah, whereas when I set up her brief little workbench identifying items and and follow is still sort of pressing you about the house.
Timothy Sackton: You know, saying this is this is quite old. I think
Timothy Sackton: Drink or in
Kate Sackton: Here. Were there any bugs in the amber
Timothy Sackton: Oh, you are looking at the amber
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, I, I
Mike Sackton: Dealt with looks very
Mike Sackton: Not shaken exactly but like
Mike Sackton: Were eating a little puzzled by something. And what's kind of
Mike Sackton: The sort of standing off to the side a little bit, a little away from full
Mike Sackton: Like away from everybody but in particular like
Mike Sackton: Not
Mike Sackton: Maybe why he doesn't want to share everything he might have seen with the NPC
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so it comes over.
Mike Sackton: If you could communicate that particular said to bit with a face.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kinds of all kinds of comes over and like wraps his arms around around a dealt with. So what do you see their health.
David: Will be to turn to bola and look up at her and say,
David: Well that two things.
David: First of all,
David: It's lovely that you're interested in the home, but none of this is for you as far as we're concerned.
David: Your reward coming out of this place is not being dead.
David: Second of all,
David: Would you excuse us for just a moment, please.
Timothy Sackton: Seriously.
Timothy Sackton: I guess I can't stop you.
David: I appreciate your gratitude for saving your life.
Timothy Sackton: I appreciate that.
Timothy Sackton: I think we could be allies.
Mike Sackton: Allies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I kind of over here a little bit with this conversation back and forth. Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'll figure this out. I just need to understand your chart and charter money in politics to be totally honest because frankly I'm confused by where your stances. But let's try to figure this out a little bit later.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For now, I think they're there may be some more blood and death around here that we have to figure out. So let's let's let's try to sort this out.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I
Timothy Sackton: I am gonna go keep an eye on that.
Timothy Sackton: Valley. I'm a little suspect. I'm a little nervous feels too quiet now.
Mike Sackton: It is too quiet.
David: I mean obviously don't touch anything or even anything
Mike Sackton: Don't careful about looking at things.
Mike Sackton: Go out of the gates just yet.
Perhaps
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you see what i'm dealt with.
Mike Sackton: There's a, there's a
Mike Sackton: Something from another another world, some energy. We came, we came to this earth from from somewhere else.
Mike Sackton: Sort of
Mike Sackton: Now in the valley where the Red Cross.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the valley.
Mike Sackton: It's it's angry and almost
Mike Sackton: Walked like a
Mike Sackton: Fire dancing along the floor.
Mike Sackton: Look like a gateway Tim like it didn't look like I was seeing the echo of another place.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: Like I could say think it's like I could almost see through to another, another place.
Mike Sackton: Overweight I'm this place.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you're talking about a half mile away down the bottom the ball.
Mike Sackton: Where the road so
Mike Sackton: There's a stream running from the swear the road crosses the stream.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So I guess it's not really. It's halfway between here in the oven.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: The thing we went under.
Kate Sackton: Is there anything in the miss the echoes that are
Mike Sackton: very faint.
Mike Sackton: It's an echo of interests at first, but
Mike Sackton: That's not the source.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you go up high, to get a line of sight down
Mike Sackton: Just looked at the gate.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Mike Sackton: The same place. I've been keeping watch
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a new phenomenon do think we're
Eric Rosenbaum: been that way for a while.
Mike Sackton: haven't looked with the right eyes since we've been here knows
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, do, do any of us still keeping when we look out in the valley.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, there
Mike Sackton: Are there, like any way wines, or is there any other magic. Here's this all extra planner.
Mike Sackton: Because this place on this Earth have any magical phenomenon.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: There are
Timothy Sackton: There are ley lines.
Eric Rosenbaum: Weird
Timothy Sackton: So there, but nothing
Timothy Sackton: Really strong here right over ravens hold it there are there are sort of two lines running in parallel in the direction of the dwarves and
Timothy Sackton: In the Durban forte.
Mike Sackton: But it's not like the portal to Hell is right where there's six slides crossing
Now,
Eric Rosenbaum: The ley lines possibility Jordan for you.
Timothy Sackton: They if you so seeker spends a minute sort of
Timothy Sackton: Concentrating and like doing a little bit of like trigonometry in his head and
Timothy Sackton: You know, based on the way that they're crossing here, you would think they would probably cross each other and create a node where the Durban, for it is
Eric Rosenbaum: Wisdom movie insurance they knew where to go and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know where the other fort were there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Honey, I never would have thought while we're over there, but
Timothy Sackton: Why you have to concentrate for, for you have to like stop and pause for a few minutes to sense lane automatically
Kate Sackton: I didn't know how long bull is planning to gaze at the valley, but I'll tell you.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: What is, what are, yes. I was gonna say share your discoveries. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So the Ruby.
Kate Sackton: You mentioned FIRE EARLIER, AND THAT'S WHY I start with this. I mean, obviously it has the captured essence of the fire elemental. So I think that that's probably by destroying it. And when us and somebody who's, you know, empowered by that could control the fire elemental briefly.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are you, what you could do with that.
Kate Sackton: Is anybody here particularly Ellen mentally or fire aligned. It's not really my area, but that's what this is.
Mike Sackton: Will show it to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever wherever you live in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where is it would Wesley's it outdoors.
Mike Sackton: Dallas would be happy to take it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, why don't we give it to a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Speaker in case you need to attack feels like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not to be too. I'm getting my ass kicked all day, guys, let's just be honest here.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're going to read around the power
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I think, I think secret giving you some giving me some more some burst in combat might not be a bad move. That's my thought, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever. What do you guys think well dealt with may be able to get more
Eric Rosenbaum: Explosive energy out of it though.
Kate Sackton: Well, I mean, it takes. It's a magic thing. So I don't know if it really
Kate Sackton: Reflects the hands of the bear. Right.
Um,
Kate Sackton: So the helm is very clearly very old, you know, hundreds and just, I mean, look at the condition. It's still in and
Kate Sackton: It has
Kate Sackton: You know, been tied to that tradition of the crafters who I just met all the people who crafted this I mean the will and the
Kate Sackton: cleverness to put this you know imbue this beautiful piece of armor with sorry it's, it, the, what, what it does is it helps the were against mental attacks allows them to strengthen their own will.
Again,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ends up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And my trial.
Timothy Sackton: You guys gotta let Mike take a few magic items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just trying it on
Mike Sackton: It's true I can play the tip I have no magic items right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then does it fit.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it fits. I mean, you look a little bit silly and you're like monk robes and then this fancy armored helmet on your head.
Mike Sackton: I mean, when I'm what does it do it gives you a better fit against
Timothy Sackton: On say it's a it's got How am of iron well on D amp D beyond it gives you plus one to wisdom saves and you it has, you can
Timothy Sackton: If you fail a Wisdom save you can choose to succeed. Instead, after which the helm blackened crumbles dash
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's it's Magneto. So that's how I protect himself and Charles Xavier as
Mike Sackton: Yes, I know that.
Mike Sackton: I mean, Dallas would certainly be happy to take it.
David: Will be looks up at Kenza wearing it starts giggling
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I look at that, you know, I gotta be honest, I don't like mine flares fucking with my head but uh yeah from a fashion perspective.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wings Over
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not sure it's a look
David: See an elk and elk can wear wigs.
Mike Sackton: No one will put it on.
Eric Rosenbaum: When we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: look better on him.
Timothy Sackton: It thought it definitely looks better on him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like in tears to
Eric Rosenbaum: Just work.
Timothy Sackton: It definitely works with his, his sort of mysterious look a little bit better than your sort of
David: Blowing bankruptcy, even the spike works for him. It's
David: Not a lot of people can pull that off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because it takes out his cancer takes out his mobile phone and text selfie with
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: And
Kate Sackton: And this sphere, although was carried by that nasty beast is actually
Kate Sackton: Done Mari, I think, but any of you with arcane knowledge could probably I just simply from the craftsman perspective it
Kate Sackton: It allows the bear to project their voice magically and inspires the Allies surrounding them to be resistant to fear.
Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: What, what is this year doesn't
Kate Sackton: See here that we got from the leader.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The this thing that I've been carrying with me.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, you've been carrying with you, had you decided to shout inspiring things, it would have echoed through the valley and
Kate Sackton: Really moved us all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know,
Kate Sackton: Much
David: Just found with the government standard flying from it or something else.
Mike Sackton: Now is the hobgoblin standard magical, by the way.
Yes.
Kate Sackton: But we're not in that room we
Timothy Sackton: So,
Kate Sackton: So dealt with and I aren't aware of it yet.
Timothy Sackton: Right. Ah. So whoever wants to take the spear, you can add it on D amp D beyond is called the spear of the war leader.
Timothy Sackton: And spears do count as monk weapons. If you wanted to use that Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Or you can allow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right. But here's the thing, right. I know this isn't technically allowed in the antibiotic. We talked about this the first time we got the spear would like kinds of would train with the spear and like trying to figure out how to use
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The quarter staff. You know, I think it'd be like, over time, you should, like you, he would want to develop some proficiency, it actually kills. Some people with this thing, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, no, I mean, no. You, you must notify with spears.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I can fight with the spirit. Yeah.
That's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, if nobody objects.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And kids are like, definitely does. Does a few swings and other other few other moves with it testing. It's a testing its weight its balance.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I think I have now ended up with the Ruby.
Timothy Sackton: So that is elemental gem.
Timothy Sackton: A fire is you should, if you search for elemental gem and equipment.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: Read Quran.
Know,
Timothy Sackton: Elemental Yeah, read, read. That's right, read. I don't know why it says read Quran dumb.
Kate Sackton: Just don't know
Timothy Sackton: Exactly.
Kate Sackton: Context. As such, but
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a good too. So I'm going to fire all mental that's very interesting. Like, what
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you do that.
Timothy Sackton: Like Brisbane said you can control it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Tim concentration. It's slightly risky because you might lose control of that.
Timothy Sackton: And then so Kenzo spear of the war leader, you can add that to your equipment.
We
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, um, well, the
Huh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you need a magic, magic first flight.
David: Know, I got a
David: Dress.
Mike Sackton: Yes, that
Timothy Sackton: They were to drift clubs, you
Both
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are just checking.
Mike Sackton: I apparently have an on identified spell scroll
Timothy Sackton: That was from the hog goblins that commanders chambers in the tower.
Mike Sackton: We identify it.
Mike Sackton: How do you spell scrolls.
Pass.
David: Pass.
Timothy Sackton: Pass it around and see if anybody can recognize that
Mike Sackton: Hey, does a countess writing
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, read it because I can read all writing now.
David: You can read a little writing now.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, as you as you open and
Kate Sackton: He can hold the hobgoblin journals. You can I
Mike Sackton: Know, that's why I took the ability
Kate Sackton: And today we ate grog yesterday we had to march around
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it is a
Timothy Sackton: It's a scroll of lesser restoration
Mike Sackton: Oh, that's pretty useful.
Mike Sackton: Let's get asked it.
Timothy Sackton: Bars and cracks.
Mike Sackton: Barred or cleric, would you like a scroll of luster restoration
Eric Rosenbaum: When
Mike Sackton: You are
Mike Sackton: When you click
Eric Rosenbaum: Receives a cleric, I didn't realize that.
David: Secret
Kate Sackton: Rain all the time.
Mike Sackton: It heals you have blinded definite paralyzed or poisoned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Although
Timothy Sackton: I yeah I put it there for a reason.
Timothy Sackton: And then you didn't bother to figure out what it was. So you were with no way to cure your poison.
Eric Rosenbaum: In
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That smart Tim is understanding or no, not that smart because
David: It's an important point to make.
Pretty fast paced UT
David: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: Dallas all
Mike Sackton: offer it to the two of you to take
Kate Sackton: Speaker you've been doing more of this type of thing. I'm happy to help somebody out in a pinch, but if you want it. You shouldn't just go ahead
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, I just got this
Eric Rosenbaum: Crazy Ruby, so don't want to take it too many things and I
Kate Sackton: Will take the scroll of lesser restoration and next time that can that
Kate Sackton: Can the jumps down somewhere dangerous and different self poison bacon. How bad
It.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just never going to games. Again, I think it's part of the role
David: I feel like that that interaction.
David: Between the kids the interaction between the two of us like canonical establishing how polite dwarves are about gift giving
David: Have you ever seen tourists like
David: Trying to split a check at the end of
Fundamentally social
Timothy Sackton: There's no first spouse girls. You just have to add second level spell scroll and then like in the notes field, you can change. You can have it say Lester restoration
Kate Sackton: In under spells or equipment.
Timothy Sackton: Know under equipment. If you search for spell scroll, you'll see when that second level hit Add, and then you have to
Timothy Sackton: Just put lesser restoration in the notes.
David: Well, we'll pull up the hug have them log book and held up to deal with and say, so you you can read this. Hey,
Mike Sackton: Let's all start reading it.
Mike Sackton: What does it say yes.
Mike Sackton: See like his, his eyes kind of go black when he's reading it.
David: But it's supposed to your eyes, her
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hands, I noticed as well. These astonishment at at Dulles black eyes and then staring at well be suddenly turns it makes his eyes black
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the problem. Well do you look at the one
David: Haha can so
David: So,
David: Which will be inside your brain.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you have to, you have the like sheaf. The like leather satchel with sort of papers and notes and then you have the log book itself. So you have them both over so I'm
Timothy Sackton: So down with as you begin to
Timothy Sackton: Focus your attention on these books and notes, um,
Timothy Sackton: The, the log book is a record of maybe four years of hobgoblin occupation of this fort and it is, it's
Timothy Sackton: Very mechanical right there's no color. There's no adjectives. Really, it's basically just a description each day of troops in troops out scouting reports battles.
Timothy Sackton: And it seems, you know, spending 15 minutes kind of flipping through it and also with the satchel which seems to be some battle plans and and the actual like scouting notes and things like that, you get a picture of
Mike Sackton: And see what you sent me to him. I'm reading it now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: You get a picture of
Timothy Sackton: You know, a period of
Timothy Sackton: 10 or 15 years
Timothy Sackton: You have five to 10 years. I guess I'm when hog goblins were expect, you know, had captured this for and we're pushing south into the northern parts of done. Mar.
Timothy Sackton: Coming from from the mountains and this is maybe
Timothy Sackton: Shortly after the Great War and the, you know, during the battles of the blood years and forcing driving the Donmar the dunmurry out of the of the Ravens hold and then driving
Timothy Sackton: Setting up this as a sort of major forward base of operations, they constructed a tunnel to the Durban side and occupied the
Timothy Sackton: The sort of
Timothy Sackton: Initial does like edge of that of that fortification as well.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of colonize the valley, and this was kind of a basically a major military base you don't the log book ends this particular log book ends before you have any resolution of
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm only gonna spend a few minutes flipping
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, this is basically what you get.
Timothy Sackton: Into
Timothy Sackton: In like 10 minutes kind of flipping through
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It really quickly. Is there like a dates in calendar. So I'm like, do we know, like, kind of, you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Don't want to go. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Well, so there are there are
Timothy Sackton: There are dates.
Timothy Sackton: That are not but they're not
Timothy Sackton: You know Durban or Mr chardonnay and dates, they are you know
Timothy Sackton: It's just the years that are numbered. It's your seven year eight year nine year 10
Mike Sackton: What about that the sheath of papers. I'll just quickly.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so those are, you know, those are like scouting reports.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so if you spent some time, you could link those up to descriptions of of battle or of troop movements in the log book. It seems to be describing the same the same period of
Timothy Sackton: Time when
Timothy Sackton: Hop goblins we're expanding
Timothy Sackton: We're pushing south and taking over Dunbar, a territory and establish this as a base.
Mike Sackton: I'll just flip through the scheduling report quickly, is there anything that represents a scouting report when they first scouted Raven soul.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yes. What are you, what specifically are you looking for. I mean, what are you trying to figure out
Mike Sackton: If there was anything that they like, how long has the, has this place been weird right like like did, did they learn to avoid the water because it was poisonous.
Timothy Sackton: Or wow they
Timothy Sackton: Know the. So the initial scouting reports are basically like you know well defended sheltered Valley good place to
Timothy Sackton: You know, raise horses and grow food.
Timothy Sackton: Well, outer wall in good shape.
Timothy Sackton: Will require you know tend to one odds to take from the horse scum, that sort of thing. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Right, so it seemed like it. This was attempting target because it was fertile River Valley in a well protected area where they could
Timothy Sackton: Establish
Timothy Sackton: A strong base of operations.
Timothy Sackton: Notably, there is no
Timothy Sackton: No, no discussion of dwarves occupying the Door Oven.
Mike Sackton: They didn't fight towards the
Timothy Sackton: Doors were already gone
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'll share what I learned in that
Mike Sackton: Right think there was a storm. Did you find anything there.
David: Oh, it's full of all kinds of good stuff. You should go take a look
Timothy Sackton: So yes, as you know, the, the
Mike Sackton: So that are is magical. Okay, so should we
Mike Sackton: Can can raise when I did the banner to before we I mean I think guys we should go.
Kate Sackton: Look at this.
Mike Sackton: Magical source of
Sure.
Mike Sackton: I think we need to go look at this source of the of the
Mike Sackton: This energy outside the gates. Well, let's see what's here first.
David: Is there anything else magical in the story.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Well, the potions are magical
Timothy Sackton: Obviously as
Mike Sackton: Well, especially if
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The question.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: And there's also those three vials of like flasks crack leather flasks with sealed with the wax.
Mike Sackton: And I mean, if there is a few that have played that look salvageable I'd be tempted Dallas tempted to take it because half plate would be a big boost my plus to AC would be nice.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Kate Sackton: I mean, it couldn't be hijacked around the campfire to
Timothy Sackton: Profitable it's
Kate Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: It's quite heavy
Timothy Sackton: How are you going to carry at
Mike Sackton: Details details.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unless they're just letting this
Eric Rosenbaum: Activity we do like
Kate Sackton: Secret has his journals to write in
Mike Sackton: Fixing a suit of half plate.
Mike Sackton: I mean,
Mike Sackton: Up for now.
Mike Sackton: It, it seems like insurmountable problem if if
Mike Sackton: Just sling it over my back for right now and throw it on the ground. And when we get to mean we have horses.
Conceptually,
Timothy Sackton: I don't. Yeah, you're probably not strong enough to actually carry it.
David: Could I'll take pieces of it.
Timothy Sackton: You're all super week except for Brisbane and I
Timothy Sackton: Remember, you do have a floating desk so
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, right.
Kate Sackton: Does that mean concentration to maintain
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it's pretty automated
Timothy Sackton: It's pretty automated
Mike Sackton: So why don't we just use that then
Timothy Sackton: You can use that
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Kate Sackton: Just waiting for peace and tinkering with right then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, I take out the coin handed to deal with.
Mike Sackton: That coin. Oh yes, it's open the desk.
Timothy Sackton: But, but in the air and it's subtle spreads out and it's like thin little desk and you load the suit of half played that is, again, it's gonna take some work to to get this in usable shape and you know file off the hobgoblin markings and, you know,
Timothy Sackton: But you know, it's something right
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So go ahead, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before we go to the valley. Should we explore the mist and fog before we I mean if there's something. Should we, should we explore this this mist and fog first before we check out the valley.
David: Agree.
David: Are we getting the potions and
David: Then are dirt identifying them.
Timothy Sackton: So the potions.
Timothy Sackton: That can if anybody wants to
Timothy Sackton: You know, take a look at them. You can you can try and identify those with like our economy, instead of
Mike Sackton: You don't need to identify for that. I mean, Dallas can identify that will
Make us
Mike Sackton: Trying to roll.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Warfare one so I'm
Timothy Sackton: Four of them are so these are not pleasant looking more smelling potions. They're clearly hobgoblin and origin four of them look like sort of
Timothy Sackton: You know, blood, almost like deep red sort of a salty taste iron tasted them, but they are potions of healing.
Timothy Sackton: The other, the other four are sharp sort of accurate taste.
Timothy Sackton: This is not a potion that you have experienced before. But it gives you a sort of
Timothy Sackton: It's almost has this like thick.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of solid
Timothy Sackton: Intensity to it, but it's not. It's nothing that this is not a sort of standard potion you you have encountered
Timothy Sackton: That what it does actually remind you of is
Timothy Sackton: So when you're a soldier, especially your quartermaster you would have been in charge of this, the elves had device, it's, you know, sort of,
Timothy Sackton: You know way bread style right like
Timothy Sackton: Concentrated nourishment to travel quickly over long distances and this, this, this has that feel to add
Kate Sackton: There for this.
Timothy Sackton: There's four of those. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So does anybody who needs potions of healing.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I have. I still have one read more than one push and a feeling it's
David: Two months in one ocean.
Kate Sackton: When healing.
Kate Sackton: But I don't get hurt a lot
Mike Sackton: Kenzo probably needs a few
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: How about you seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've got one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Position of healing in one
Eric Rosenbaum: Healing would
Eric Rosenbaum: You know,
Mike Sackton: Well, we have four
Kate Sackton: I could take one and gets through to come down.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Or he could take two and
Mike Sackton: I can take one and you can
Mike Sackton: Take over
Kate Sackton: Or you could take when it gets through to Kenzo I seriously have had this one forever because I don't get hurt much, but when I fix this mail for you dealt with, you are going to have the same experience.
Mike Sackton: At night, Jean here we come.
Mike Sackton: I'll take one and Kenzo can take two or three
Kate Sackton: We could feed the nourishing potions to the animals and let them free.
Kate Sackton: Or we could save them for like a rainy day.
Kate Sackton: When we're desperate enough for nourishment.
Mean
Kate Sackton: If it's like the the
The
Mike Sackton: potion. The magic. We had back in the in the ward probably keeps you fed for a day.
Maybe gives you rest.
Mike Sackton: Could be useful.
David: Right. Have we delete up the motions.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, except we don't know how many Kenzo wants because he's not here. I'm actually, you know what, I'll be right back to
Mike Sackton: We can
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So, so while we're divvying things up.
Timothy Sackton: Who took the non magical things the silver lock at the
Timothy Sackton: golden ring and the I assume secret took the amber
Eric Rosenbaum: I never got any kind of investigation results in the amber
Timothy Sackton: Oh, ah,
Timothy Sackton: Make an intelligence jack
Timothy Sackton: They are there, they're not
Timothy Sackton: They're not polished and it certainly looks like you could probably learn more about them. If you had some time with your jewelers tools in your glass blowing tools to, kind of, you know, polish them and make them nice
Timothy Sackton: Maybe there's some bugs trapped in there, something. But at the moment, just kind of looking at them, they're still sort of there's like bits of the sort of
Timothy Sackton: You know, dirt and and they're just kind of not
Timothy Sackton: polished up nicely. And so it's see so they they seem like they have potential
Eric Rosenbaum: My character sheet here.
David: Is the golden
David: Oh, good sir
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I, can I just add a random thing I do recommend adding
Timothy Sackton: Just do it at that. So you other possessions at the bottom, you can just type
Timothy Sackton: To uncut pieces of amber
Kate Sackton: We're just trying to assign I'm assuming that love is going to keep the hobbit locket
Kate Sackton: Anglicans
Kate Sackton: Mixing in
David: The goldring human sized or Heflin sized or something other
Timothy Sackton: Handling sized
David: Or I'll take that too. It's probably from the lucky person. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Sal. Oops.
David: Oh, respond can just identify the rest of the stuff while we're at it like
David: The horn and the
Banner.
Kate Sackton: Sure.
Kate Sackton: I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: The horn.
Kate Sackton: I've heard so much about this foreign I would love to carefully.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Read this for you guys on
praying about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you're playing about the horn. Hell yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, I feel like we should just blow it and not know the answer is
Timothy Sackton: Right really shy.
David: All right, I'm comfortable with it.
Kate Sackton: I'll stop praying. Fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no, no. Let's finish praying
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guy. No, it is not wasted.
Kate Sackton: I could pray in that tell you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that idea to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What I'm so sorry. I was gone. I was checking
Timothy Sackton: My mom. Ah, healing potions. How many do you want
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of them because I'm the one that keeps fucking dying.
Kate Sackton: Three then
Timothy Sackton: You can have three and three healing potions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I really, I mean, I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm being facetious. I don't have to take all those what's what.
Kate Sackton: Decided that you can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh really, okay you appreciate it all my near death experiences. I appreciate that.
Kate Sackton: Not that we're casting any service versions on your heroism.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, three questions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stoked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just regular
Timothy Sackton: Regular hand questions. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: You gotta say like praying about the more embedded in the banner.
Kate Sackton: It's creepy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we
Timothy Sackton: To get the Miss yet.
Nope.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see that
Kate Sackton: We need our misty eyed leader. I'll be right back.
David: Before we go to the missile climb up onto the top of the tower and look for bola. Where is she
Timothy Sackton: She, she is a like over here. Whoops. Over. Why is this not working over here like that the
Timothy Sackton: Keeping an eye on the valley.
Mike Sackton: So I did we figure out what
Mike Sackton: The banner is
Kate Sackton: Enter is
Kate Sackton: Clearly, an instrument of war, it strikes fear in the heart of its proposing troops, the standard bear manifests a horrifying image and causes terror in his or her froze.
Mike Sackton: And cancer. Do you take some potions the healing.
He did.
Mike Sackton: I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Appreciate your show you all
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do I add pushes the healing. So I got to push it. I don't see questions, the only
Timothy Sackton: click Manage equipment. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm in there.
Timothy Sackton: And then type
Timothy Sackton: I think it's
Mike Sackton: Just type healing, it should come up
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, don't. Yeah, just type healing.
Timothy Sackton: Under the filter don't click
Timothy Sackton: Don't filter by type
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I got it, I got it, I got it.
Mike Sackton: It's technically not a potion. It's very confusing.
Timothy Sackton: It's very confusing because common magic items. Don't get counted as magic items.
Mike Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: By the end, beyond
Mike Sackton: As we're going back. I mean, have we left the storm.
Kate Sackton: And we're waiting for Dallas.
Timothy Sackton: How are you so there's still the. So what else do you want you're taking the eight potions and the rusty half plate on floating on your desk. Are you taking the banner. Are you taking anything else from the storm.
Mike Sackton: It's better not to leave the banner here right for somebody else to take
Mike Sackton: Is it is it
Mike Sackton: Is it heavy. I mean, is it what kind of magic is it
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: That is a good question.
Mike Sackton: It's not like necromancy or something. Is it
Timothy Sackton: What did I say it was, it's all illusion magic.
Mike Sackton: So that seems
Mike Sackton: I would take it.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if we're
Mike Sackton: Taking a disc should we, you know, load up on this are the weapons any good.
Timothy Sackton: But what weapons are in
Mike Sackton: Terrible shape or
Timothy Sackton: Terrible shape the armor is in better shape the armor was, you know, the there's. So there's four seats of chain mail and one seat of of half plate that are
Timothy Sackton: Probably repairable I'm
Timothy Sackton: Great swords and pull arms are probably last repairable
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think.
Mike Sackton: Dallas kind of is walking around.
Mike Sackton: I think we go
Mike Sackton: He kind of
He
Kate Sackton: go explore more
Mike Sackton: More yes
Mike Sackton: go explore
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: go explore that.
Mike Sackton: He sort of looks over it at well be.
Mike Sackton: For a minute, and says,
Mike Sackton: I suppose
Mike Sackton: Ah,
Mike Sackton: Keeping
Mike Sackton: Well, anyway, I saw in that in the shadow some words appear
Mike Sackton: Said,
Mike Sackton: hidden meaning works between the darkness and the light
Mike Sackton: Not very comfortable with this power, and as he says power his sword appears like black and pitch black and sort of
Mike Sackton: Pulsating with dark, light,
Mike Sackton: Not that comfortable with this power inside me and I sometimes err on the side of
Mike Sackton: hiding it. But I guess you should all know there there did seem to be some
Mike Sackton: Some words almost
Mike Sackton: felt like they were talking to me, written in the shadows upstairs.
Mike Sackton: I assume none of you saw such things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Say that message again.
Mike Sackton: It was more than just as hidden meaning works between the darkness and the light. Keep your eyes open and read the words that linger in the shadows, the shadows revealed the truth and words may reach where voices cannot go
David: What language. Was it a
Good question.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Words may reach their voices can it go
Eric Rosenbaum: Where's in shadow.
Mike Sackton: The language of the shadow
Eric Rosenbaum: The Shadow Realm. Where's
Mike Sackton: The motorway. What is, I don't know. I don't remember that much about shadow card them.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: So, I mean, this is you don't really know how you don't you don't clearly because you don't really remember time in a
Timothy Sackton: Linear way from your time.
Mike Sackton: It's the place I was. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: So I didn't really I don't remember. No. Okay.
Mike Sackton: The language of the realm. I was trapped in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Every chapter
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hundreds of years.
Mike Sackton: By by the calendar and the outside world.
Mike Sackton: I was trapped the day soon basically the day she might fail.
Mike Sackton: Maybe a few days before
David: You get out again.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, how did I get out. It's a good question.
Kate Sackton: How long have you been out
Mike Sackton: A few months.
Mike Sackton: Maybe like six months, I guess, Tim, I was at not even quite that long.
Timothy Sackton: No six, maybe six, seven months.
Timothy Sackton: So you were
Timothy Sackton: You had been in Kerala for maybe rightly four months, but that I've been some time you are sort of recovering
Timothy Sackton: Governor that yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Honestly, I just want a fucking tavern and I want some L, even though monks aren't supposed to drink.
I want
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't want to swim. I get the fuck out of here.
Kate Sackton: We'll get to go back to the cave soon.
Mike Sackton: I think the next step is to go to the portal to the hell and see if we can close it.
David: I hold up my hand deposit everything. Oh.
David: I understand very well that monks can't drink and charting but I've met monks in the north, who can drink. It's not really a big deal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what we need to settle this over some mail.
Well,
David: I don't drink but but I have no monks who do
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You don't drink.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I thought that through wasn't, I wasn't drunk that other night now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On some daggers at you.
Timothy Sackton: And I'm drunk center. Yeah, he wasn't drunk you are driving
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know you are more drunk that I was well the
Eric Rosenbaum: Answer. He was throwing eggs that you actually
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was throwing exit you and you were that you were so drunk that you, I don't know.
Anyway,
David: Actually to retract what I just said, You're on the right path. You should not drink it.
David: Again, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is what I'm saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, it feels like are two options right now or to explore the Debbie missed that's over here or to explore the deadly valley with the interpersonal fucking dimension. So, or go back to caves. So these are all
Mike Sackton: I vote for the valley why
Kate Sackton: Save the animals and then rest.
Kate Sackton: And then go back to the case and just tell somebody. There's a hell game here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See
Mike Sackton: We have to see what it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah well with I'm with you on exploring the valley, but in terms of order, whatever it is in that Mr over there hasn't killed us yet hasn't felt. I feel like we do, the less threatening thing first, and then the more threatening thing is
Mike Sackton: Just an apple cow of what was in the valley.
Mike Sackton: We can explore it. But, but, I mean, I looked at it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I saw a
Mike Sackton: Faint echo. Oh, and I traced it back to its source, which was the valley.
Kate Sackton: To somebody brought home a potted
Kate Sackton: Plants that they could have the experience of the
Kate Sackton: Nature. They had enjoyed
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaking of which there are those terrible funds that got that hassling that we met those are down in the valley.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You all think there's nothing else more to explore with the mist than
Mike Sackton: It's worth taking another walk, not for sure, but I think it's, it's, I think there's very little there.
Mike Sackton: Let's take a don't know that time is of the essence, though, I think we time
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then we do some for sections. Perception checks or
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, you're heading into the mists well
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're gonna
Mike Sackton: Have to start. I mean, does it look any different than it did an hour ago.
Timothy Sackton: Now, and it's so as you head into the sort of inner this outdoor courtyard area where the unexplored mist and Fox are
Timothy Sackton: So the mists almost seem to be sort of rising off of this of this pool of water here and sort of collecting in what's a bit of a bit of a, like a dip a depression in the ground.
Timothy Sackton: And also in this there's like a
Timothy Sackton: Ruined
Timothy Sackton: Like forks like
Timothy Sackton: You know armor weapon Smith area here. That seems to have been, you know, ruined by the walls, being the walls of this backs that were knocked down and burned fell onto this Forge and kind of cracked it and then wrote down and there was a bit of a
Timothy Sackton: Sort of low point of the of the ground here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: And the myths are sort of bubbling off of this pool and and sort of almost flowing down hill and collecting and that depression.
Mike Sackton: So how far is the pool. Like, if we're standing at the edge of the
Mike Sackton: Mess how
Timothy Sackton: Far away. That's like 20 feet.
Mike Sackton: All right, I'm gonna summon him a chance and scoop up some water from the pool.
Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to run into it and start breeding.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so it's
Kate Sackton: It's the Near death experience.
Timothy Sackton: So you you as you bring the water to you.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like like
Timothy Sackton: Like an oil slick almost like there's the water looks perfectly normal. But there's like, sort of like rainbow. He
Timothy Sackton: You know, oil slick on on top of it and
Timothy Sackton: The smell of like rot and and sulfur and burnt flash seems to be clinging to the water and the mists
Mike Sackton: We have an empty file.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, we all, we all have empty bottles.
Mike Sackton: I guess we have like potions that we've drawn
Mike Sackton: Out at
Timothy Sackton: 10 zero has like four empty potion vials.
Mike Sackton: I'll pour some water into the vial.
Kate Sackton: This, the water, the center is that they had to warn us not to drink.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but like i mean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're not drink. Wow, we're getting it.
Mike Sackton: Baby, the water is now it
Kate Sackton: looks suspicious in
Kate Sackton: It snowflake death.
Mike Sackton: Did they really have to warn us or, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We want we want samples to for somebody to it like this is something we get bring back our lead have
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: People like look at it, you know, this will be important to study.
Huh.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'll use that. I mean, I'll use them a chance to like fill up a decent amount
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay. They don't have to hold it up.
Mike Sackton: With them a chance, like so.
Mike Sackton: Who would like to carry
Kate Sackton: Inventory and label it death water.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Soda and coin that's
Timothy Sackton: 20 feet behind you.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go.
Mike Sackton: And that will take it.
Mike Sackton: Helmet or a little bit about
Mike Sackton: The young races.
Mike Sackton: Which add collagen death water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Water good name. Good. Amy and mission.
Eric Rosenbaum: And in the midst itself has magical so
Mike Sackton: Very family.
Mike Sackton: It's like an echo more than anything else.
Kate Sackton: Like emotionally feel creepy. I mean, we noticed the other
Kate Sackton: Um, the enemy sort of skirting these areas.
Kate Sackton: ARE WE FEELING
Mike Sackton: Good get into more angry to me then creepy.
Kate Sackton: Feeling intimidated.
Timothy Sackton: So, this I mean the smell is definitely quite noticeable standing this close and
Timothy Sackton: You know, it's starting to get to you a little bed just this like this.
Timothy Sackton: The smell.
Timothy Sackton: wafting across from as you like are spending some time like filling your vitals and stuff, standing on the edge of the mess. I'm
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: You almost start to get this like paying of like iron in salt in the back of your
Timothy Sackton: Leg like drinking blood feels like it's
Timothy Sackton: The as you start to as the state as you start to get used to the stench a little bit it, it almost starts to, um, you almost feel like you can sort of taste it a little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gross.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't feel very good. But it's not creepy. And if it's sort of creepy. In that sense, not so much in a
Timothy Sackton: Like magical creepy like the banner or something like that.
Kate Sackton: So they weren't avoiding it because they were afraid they would be transformed in horrific monsters. But just because it was gross.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Well, it's hard to know if Knowles would think this was gross or not.
Kate Sackton: Okay, and boy did it.
Timothy Sackton: They did avoid it.
Mike Sackton: It's not magic. Right.
Now,
Eric Rosenbaum: Is the depression. The ground natural feature was it excavated
Timothy Sackton: I know it seems to be, it's not excavated
Timothy Sackton: Although the three hyenas and pits excavated pits are still in the middle of this courtyard, um,
Timothy Sackton: Oh right, but it seems like just the way that the land slopes down there sort of towards the edge of the cliff wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or the interesting
Timothy Sackton: Um, they're like howling a little bit pacing back and forth in their five foot by five foot pets.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mad. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: They're not super happy that they can't really get out so
Kate Sackton: So the mist wouldn't be what the
Kate Sackton: Magic here was working through to like transform things into other things.
Kate Sackton: So our best bet is the
Kate Sackton: animal corpses.
Kate Sackton: That's a positive thing in the valley.
Kate Sackton: Well, it's tearing it down.
Mike Sackton: I think we should go to the thing in the valley.
David: The grits.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's have a look at it. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: You want to take a sample of decaying animal corpse for somebody to look at somewhere.
Kate Sackton: With a major in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, he's all feel like useful samples to bring back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or we
Mike Sackton: can then take a sample of the
Mike Sackton: If you would like
Kate Sackton: Well, if we're not going to do my plan of feeding it to the trapped animals and see what happens. Maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: Like in the absence of having defeated the major evil or discovered a detailed explanation of the whole thing we can at least have these tiny jars and discussing things
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean resin. I'm fine with your experiments. I have no I have no special attachment to the high you knows. Yeah, I mean I
Know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Go ahead.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say if you would wish wish to experiment with these animals.
Mike Sackton: For the greater good.
David: Will be shakes his head.
Kate Sackton: No, we should sit still, we can to save the model, even though if we let them free. They'll probably starve. And if we don't let them free they'll, they'll definitely start
David: For the greater good is a road that has no end point.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I agree, then we should I mostly want to figure out how to take care of these animals.
David: Yeah, we should figure out a way to get them safely out of the valley.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can at least
Eric Rosenbaum: Released the ones that were buried in rebel.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pretty easily
Kate Sackton: Would they lead the others in a beneficial way where they just attack the others.
Eric Rosenbaum: I might be able to talk to them. We could try and persuade one of them to lead the other somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: My idea if I could figure out which of the animals is the strongest or otherwise might be charismatic Lee able to persuade the others. Perhaps we could get them to go as a group, somewhere or do something together what that might be.
Kate Sackton: Quite a sterling into each other in the pits.
Kate Sackton: Is one of them already telling you the t shirt.
Eric Rosenbaum: Line, I'd have to go and observe
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So the three hyenas are
Timothy Sackton: Kind of are all in three separate pets.
Timothy Sackton: The animals that are in the stables are a mix of different species that are hyenas. There's mountain lions. There's wild dogs. There's jackals mo hyenas being the dominant
Timothy Sackton: Animal but not the only content.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. He was the baby.
Timothy Sackton: Ah hyenas are the biggest for sure of all of those
Timothy Sackton: There are well no, so there were in
Timothy Sackton: The world you find, which would be the biggest and probably the dominant animals have have any of them.
David: Whatever we do with them, though, we need to figure out what's in the valley.
First
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey, that's
Mike Sackton: It, it's bothering me to leave it there. Now that we know it's there. I think we go agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good.
Timothy Sackton: So you're gonna head out the gates heading following the road down into the valley.
David: It was simply can bring Ebola with us.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, just gonna say
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah well bash shell.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: She sees he coming in is like so.
Timothy Sackton: What's the story.
Mike Sackton: We think there's something
Mike Sackton: near where this this red crosses the water, perhaps the source of this
Mike Sackton: curse on this land.
Mike Sackton: Well, going to investigate.
Timothy Sackton: I'm ready to get the fuck out of here. So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey sure we're okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I agree on that.
Timothy Sackton: I'll come along.
Timothy Sackton: So, ah, you had down so the
Timothy Sackton: The Raven salt itself is set sort of on the, on the, like partway up the mountain on on like a sort of flat area with the cliffy
Timothy Sackton: Walls of the of the mountain behind it. And this, you know, part of the reason why this is such a strong defensive position is this gate complex and then
Timothy Sackton: Switch back road that leads down in three switchbacks down the side of the mountain passing through additional gates at each turning. And so this is a very strong
Timothy Sackton: Position to defend from
Timothy Sackton: The Gates themselves are in good shape. This seems like it.
Timothy Sackton: Was
Timothy Sackton: Probably repaired, not so much. Never damaged because when that hob goblins first first took this based on your quick assessment of the scouting notes, they would have
Timothy Sackton: Attacked an overwhelming force and probably damaged the walls. But then repaired them for their own defense and whatever, you know, came later, and drove them out.
Timothy Sackton: Seems like it could fly.
Timothy Sackton: But so you had down the road.
Timothy Sackton: But just this
Mike Sackton: flying dragon three headed creature thing drive the goblins out
Timothy Sackton: Well, that was one of your hypotheses. I think
Mike Sackton: Somebody. Yes, yes.
I'm
Timothy Sackton: The so as you head down.
Timothy Sackton: You the road itself after you pass through the final gates as an extremely good repair. This is, you know, high quality dwarfing construction super precise pavers, I'm forming just a straight line that goes across the valley wide enough for three to ride a breast
Timothy Sackton: The door of an outpost here is about
Timothy Sackton: About a mile distant and about half way across, there's a swing.
Timothy Sackton: Swing like an arch bridge that
Timothy Sackton: Crosses crosses the river and as you begin to head in this direction. You can see I'm so the sort of vines and growth.
Timothy Sackton: That the valley itself is like up where you are right now just coming down from the mountain is is pretty barren, it's, it's sort of dirt and dust mostly but along the river valley, there's, um, you know, trees growing there's
Timothy Sackton: You know clusters of of these vines and the river itself, although it. So there's a waterfall that comes down off the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: And cascades down into this pool and that actually in the morning light is, you know, the sun is catching it looks quite pretty this cascading silvery waterfall.
Timothy Sackton: It being or, you know, middle spring the winter rains have snow melt from the top of the mountain have swelled the the flow of the water. And so you get this, you know, beautiful cascading from the water coming off the mountain seems to be clear and pure as it cascades down into this pool.
Timothy Sackton: Normally the river would flow out underneath the bridge through the valley.
Timothy Sackton: You know out the walls and and down into Donmar um
Timothy Sackton: But the to almost dry off somehow turn sluggish and slow as it goes under the bridge and and looking South
Timothy Sackton: Where you would expect from the waterfall in the pool to see a rushing River.
Timothy Sackton: Of clean water flowing out, you see a sort of
Timothy Sackton: Muddy dribble.
Timothy Sackton: Slow moving almost sludgy
Timothy Sackton: In
Timothy Sackton: Informal and attitude as it goes in that direction and clustered along you see
Timothy Sackton: It's like, almost, you know, these clumps of these sort of breezed Red Vines sort of growing up.
Mike Sackton: So the vines, we should stay away from, because they
Mike Sackton: cause you to go insane, right, that's
Timothy Sackton: That's a hypothesis. Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: So all of this sluggishness slow genus and vines are south of the bridge.
Mike Sackton: Yes, and north of the bridge, you know, vines.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so north of the bridge as
Timothy Sackton: So where the. So there's this pool and then it sort of cascades down from the pool and there's sort of mists and fog sort of collecting there right where the water flows down and then goes under the bridge.
Timothy Sackton: And it's a bit hard to see. It's OBSCURED
Timothy Sackton: This just north of the bridge where these where this sort of fog and and mists collect
Timothy Sackton: Seems to be down with what you were the source of what you were sensing
Timothy Sackton: And then it passes under the bridge and turns into this sort of sluggish brown flow.
David: Let's take a look.
Mike Sackton: If we go
Mike Sackton: Closer and take a look.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: Is it seem why like. Are there any animals.
Timothy Sackton: Very quiet. Okay.
David: Flying unnervingly quiet.
David: Demon in things flying around.
Timothy Sackton: Make a perception check
Timothy Sackton: The sky is clear.
Timothy Sackton: Just a few very high clouds.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing seems to be moving
Timothy Sackton: Other than that's now you I mean you can hear the crashing side of the waterfall. Right, so, um, you know, that is disturbing the peace. But otherwise, there seems to be nothing moving in the valley.
Timothy Sackton: And as you begin to sort of walk a bit closer towards the mist vol ago brings her hands down. And this shimmering blade appears, she says.
Timothy Sackton: Just in case.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think.
Mike Sackton: The LF touches his armor and it gets gets covered with this frosty white like glowing
Mike Sackton: Not really glowing but like it briefly. It just those like these white white Frost's frost things shoot all over his armor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and should we, should we have had a long rest since last session.
Eric Rosenbaum: I feel like I am, yes. Well,
Timothy Sackton: Since last session.
Mike Sackton: Shortly long rest after the
Timothy Sackton: After the noles you've run laughed at after the
Timothy Sackton: Demon before the nose, but not since last session.
Mike Sackton: I totally long rested. How do I have full had no okay
Timothy Sackton: You all you all
Mike Sackton: Are we burned hit dice.
Timothy Sackton: Burn hit dies.
Timothy Sackton: But you did not long rest if you want to burn your he wants to use your
Eric Rosenbaum: Pearl.
Timothy Sackton: Your Pearl, you can you can restore us a spouse law because that's that you can do once per once per day and you haven't used it. You hadn't used it since you're
Timothy Sackton: Since the previous day.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I'll do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I should just like remove clear spell slow
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah. Um,
Timothy Sackton: You can if you go to the
Eric Rosenbaum: URL.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, just clear, clear spouse lot but then you can go to your equipment and click us on the
Timothy Sackton: on the prowl power and it'll mark that you've used it and then when you long RESTAURANT. GIVE YOU THE chargeback
Timothy Sackton: I think there's a way to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't see it that well that's good.
Timothy Sackton: I'm just check out. I'll just check here. Let's see.
Mike Sackton: Also summon by sword.
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna do my new channel did entity.
Kate Sackton: Power to restore one of my thoughts to
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where's my
Kate Sackton: Check it either first or second i mean
Timothy Sackton: It's, it's only first
Kate Sackton: It's only first. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: It's half your it's
Timothy Sackton: It should say on your on your kind
Kate Sackton: Of what you went outside of up to level one. Don't say
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: OK, so I'm
Timothy Sackton: As you approach. Ah, you see.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of through the
Timothy Sackton: The
Mike Sackton: What the melons, what time it is. It
Timothy Sackton: It's like
Timothy Sackton: 10 3011
Mike Sackton: So so morning
Timothy Sackton: It's still morning, man. You probably mean that you fought the nose like first thing in the morning, then you short rough day and it's been a while exploring is probably just before lunchtime.
Mike Sackton: I'm just wondering if there's any shadows.
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: There.
Timothy Sackton: Any. It's probably just about the least shadow, a time of day. I mean, obviously there are some like underneath the bridge.
Mike Sackton: Right shadows, but
Timothy Sackton: It's getting close towards noon, so there's there's not a ton of shadows.
Timothy Sackton: So, ah,
Timothy Sackton: So as you as you approach, you can see
Timothy Sackton: Sort of through this mist seem to be gathering at the at the mouth or at the exit of the river from this, from this pool and you can see
Timothy Sackton: Sort of faintly in the distance there seems to be
Timothy Sackton: Like a thicker section of
Timothy Sackton: Not exactly.
Timothy Sackton: Not exactly vines, but like, just something seems to be something sort of matted plant like material seems to be clogging blocking the river.
Timothy Sackton: And you can see, and it's sort of faintly lightly obscured to the mist.
Timothy Sackton: You know,
Timothy Sackton: Like a stump of a dead tree and like little, you know, a boulder sort of things looming in the shadows a little back
Timothy Sackton: And let's see who is so what order are you going in here who's in the front.
Mike Sackton: Ls
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Ah, make a perception check
David: Will be would be up there too.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so both of you guys make a perception check
David: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Now that's
David: That term so 10
David: Yeah, no, very attentive.
Timothy Sackton: So some well be. You see sort of family on the ground, sort of sketched into the
Timothy Sackton: Ground what look like markings in a circle.
David: Click them to see me. What is this
Mike Sackton: Sin writing
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Yes. It seems to be writing
Mike Sackton: Can read it.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can read it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is
Timothy Sackton: Ability gets a lot of youth.
I
Timothy Sackton: I'm messaging you
Mike Sackton: will pause to look at the writing.
Timothy Sackton: It's written in a circle. I'm ruins in
Mike Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: And as you're all sort of standing there.
Timothy Sackton: Watching this, I need everybody to make a Wisdom saving drown.
Mike Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: I assume nobody's dumb enough to go in the
Kate Sackton: Circle.
Circle.
Mike Sackton: I'm
Mike Sackton: Down with well
Timothy Sackton: Ah, wait, follow
Mike Sackton: Well, well, sort of in a in a
Mike Sackton: Soft voice speak out as you as he's reading
Mike Sackton: I bind you I call you. I command you, and turn obey for a month and it
Timothy Sackton: Can Tao.
Timothy Sackton: Wisdom saving throw Kong.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because Hong
Timothy Sackton: Kong.
Is asleep.
Mike Sackton: Kenza, we need you kids out
Timothy Sackton: Fans out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There.
Eric Rosenbaum: Stand up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a Wisdom saving
Mike Sackton: Wisdom save
Eric Rosenbaum: And three jumping jacks.
Fall asleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Somebody can sleep on me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoops.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit, can somebody role for me. It's on my other computer
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sending you all for me.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can see the result.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did I miss
Timothy Sackton: On us past
Mike Sackton: The creepy.
Mike Sackton: Summoning circle that said I bind you I call you. I command you entered obey for a month in a day.
Eric Rosenbaum: A wonder who is called here.
Mike Sackton: Then you were pushed into the circle.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Mike Sackton: In a Bissell
Eric Rosenbaum: A Bissell
Eric Rosenbaum: So much of the abyss.
David: It's a really talented translation dealt with to preserve the rhyme scheme of the original in the translated like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2022 yeah
Mike Sackton: The rest of us did badly.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So, okay.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: So let's see who rolled under 13 so Tao, so
Timothy Sackton: Far well be dealt with and and seeker um
Timothy Sackton: Hold on, where's my notes here um
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: As you as you sort of are are looking around.
Timothy Sackton: At the mists and and sort of just just
Timothy Sackton: Paying just kind of approaching this this area, um,
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: Get that same taste in the back of your mouth that I'm sort of tang of of iron and salt and it starts to make you
Timothy Sackton: It's it starts to make you feel thirsty, like the water like tempting like you want to find something and quench your thirst and and drink and it's not it's not an overwhelming, a fact, like you're not compelled to do it.
Timothy Sackton: But you just start to get that sense like oh if I could just, if I could just, you know, take a nice deep swig of this water, it would make this go away.
Timothy Sackton: Just slightly distracting in the back of your minds.
Timothy Sackton: So what's everybody doing
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you think it means
I think
Mike Sackton: Can I make an architect role.
Mike Sackton: I mean, is this like
Mike Sackton: Her
Mike Sackton: So obviously a summoning circle, but it doesn't matter what
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, yeah, it's
Timothy Sackton: Definitely a funding circle.
David: Who does you refer
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's what I was wondering.
Eric Rosenbaum: How big is let's die.
Mike Sackton: I mean, with a 16 are kinda what I know, presumably that typically that would be the person you're summoning
Mike Sackton: Yes, right.
Mike Sackton: So the incantation refers to the thing being summoned
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. But what is the thing being something. What's the diameter
Timothy Sackton: It's about
Timothy Sackton: 10 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Surely it provide plenty of padding, just to make sure that you have room on all sides of the creatures.
Mike Sackton: How fade. I mean, is this from. Does this seem to be from long ago.
Mike Sackton: And and
Timothy Sackton: No. Okay.
Mike Sackton: And is the is this summoning circle the source of magic.
Mike Sackton: Yes, seeing
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's got that helmet.
Mike Sackton: What
Mike Sackton: I'm wearing the helmet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The horn guy as
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Versus
David: blow the horn.
Horn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
Kate Sackton: I love the horn.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice new
Timothy Sackton: Message con
Mike Sackton: Nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing.
Nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: You don't hear anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're asking
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Me this question.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I'm asking you that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Ken Ken's out who is the first who was
Timothy Sackton: The first person that Kenza things
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, Jesus.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, nothing happens, nobody hears anything. It's just silent.
David: Horns broken
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By hear anything. Nope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Brisbane has this thing worked
Kate Sackton: A it silently summoning some help for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Isn't really
Kate Sackton: So say the gods behind them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The other one
Kate Sackton: Good Torben gods they pray to
Mike Sackton: Um, how is the water smell. On a different note is it remind us of the water in the pool.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I
Mike Sackton: Mean it's the same water.
Eric Rosenbaum: And yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and like
Okay.
David: So can I interrupt so just to the city. And so we're here we are right near the bridge. There's a summoning circle about 10 feet in diameter.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, with
David: A pool of water inside it.
Timothy Sackton: That we cannot beyond the summit. So okay, so you are standing on the Durban road. Yeah, looking west towards the bridge and north towards the lake where the the pool at the bottom of the waterfall in between me when the
Timothy Sackton: Lake on the shore of the of the river is this circle 10 foot in diameter runes. Ah, I'm almost looks like it is sort of painted on the on the ground on the sand just beyond the circle in the river is sort of mists and shapes. You can see looming in the midst, like, you know, a sort of
Timothy Sackton: Dead.
Timothy Sackton: tree stump coming up and
Timothy Sackton: Like little bits of like vine and cat cows and things kind of clock almost like clogging the river at that point just beyond that the something circle.
Timothy Sackton: I'm on the the pool of water in the pool on the far side looks completely clear as far as you can tell, but south towards your South beyond the sort of missed clogged area it is sluggish and you can see these like blood red vines kind of clumped along the decided the add to the river.
Mike Sackton: Now what I mean. Well, being dealt with her in the front.
Mike Sackton: Who's right next to
Mike Sackton: Dallas will walk as well well be an endpoint under the bridge.
Mike Sackton: Do you see anything there.
David: During their
Timothy Sackton: Shadows.
Timothy Sackton: You see,
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a sort of
Timothy Sackton: Like a cat, like a
Timothy Sackton: Like those sort of like reedy vines that grow and grow and ponds, kind of like clumped there, but it's also kind of dark under the bridge, it's it's deep shadow
David: Use my drift glue to cast daylight center directly under the bridge.
Timothy Sackton: Ah. Light bursts out I'm
Timothy Sackton: Chasing the shiny.
Timothy Sackton: Way.
Timothy Sackton: You can see there's definitely like plant matter clocked under there.
Timothy Sackton: The, the bridge itself is beautiful. It's White Court. It's made of white quartz.
Timothy Sackton: are aligned with like white quartz. So it almost like with daylight with the daylight spell it almost glows with this sort of inner
Timothy Sackton: Inner Light as your as the magic kind of radiates up through it.
Timothy Sackton: You can see
Timothy Sackton: Almost like little
Timothy Sackton: You know, abstract designs running through the stone that was used to construct this
Timothy Sackton: Whole human aided by your by your life.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's really working construction.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, clearly drove its destruction. Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm trying to remember if I can align what we know our passage underneath this area through that funnel and any features there with where we are now.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Go. Go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so this would be sort of the low point of the tunnel before it started to slow Bob again.
Mike Sackton: There were there were some words in the shadow
David: Who would they say
Mike Sackton: Be where the wind that scours the desert sands is waiting.
Eric Rosenbaum: When
David: Something like that before.
Mike Sackton: Have we heard something like that before.
David: Yeah sure about a black wind
Eric Rosenbaum: Wind.
Timothy Sackton: That was, hey, Kansas.
Timothy Sackton: What does it say on your on your black iron staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some stuff.
Timothy Sackton: Is it written down somewhere.
Know the goddess.
Timothy Sackton: The staff that's done this in in direct Connick it's done the side of the staff are the words I bind you to the black wind I bind it to my flame I bind you in my power until the sun fails and the moon is dead.
Creaking
Timothy Sackton: I didn't
Kate Sackton: Get this symptom remind me.
Mike Sackton: That was the hobgoblin we killed it the beginning
Timothy Sackton: I was before you met up with them. That was from the
Timothy Sackton: From
Timothy Sackton: Previous fort.
Was mean
Kate Sackton: I was just gonna say the
Kate Sackton: Non president but looming bad guy is called I got a destiny other
David: The semi circle, presumably summon something
David: I think it
Mike Sackton: While we
Mike Sackton: Tell the demon
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, word Congo.
Kate Sackton: Maybe he went to
Kate Sackton: Actually control stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or the sleepy.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, but
Timothy Sackton: Only anywhere, anywhere he
Is
David: The black when that scares the desert is excellent, just a metaphor for sleepy times
Eric Rosenbaum: He's back.
Timothy Sackton: He's back. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I missed it, what do you what it. Somebody asked me something.
Mike Sackton: Now, I don't think so.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, there's, there's also a giant store.
Kate Sackton: So we came, we saw, the message in the shadows. We found the circle where the demon probably came from many of us have the capacity to safely shut down.
Mike Sackton: Demonic summoning circles. I'm
Mike Sackton: cutting it open with my sword.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: OK.
David: Let's scratch.
David: Out the rooms.
Eric Rosenbaum: The rooms. I'm just gonna step backwards. If you ever yards.
Timothy Sackton: So I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A stir.
Timothy Sackton: taster you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stepping over and
Timothy Sackton: You're black shadowy sword appears in your, your hand and you sort of strike down I'm scratching at the ruins.
Timothy Sackton: And as you do.
Timothy Sackton: Just beyond the
Timothy Sackton: You know erupting from from from the water from beyond the
Timothy Sackton: The circle a
Timothy Sackton: What looks almost like a
Timothy Sackton: Just a large sort of
matted
Timothy Sackton: Lump of fines and
Timothy Sackton: And mud.
Timothy Sackton: leaps out of the of the river and loud fine comes slamming down on you.
Timothy Sackton: I'm doing 10 points of bludgeoning damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: clump of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like
Timothy Sackton: It's like if you twisted vines into sort of a humanoid
Mike Sackton: Is it a creature
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yes.
Mike Sackton: And that suffer from coal. The damage.
Timothy Sackton: It does.
Mike Sackton: It takes 10 points of cold damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: How big is this thing.
Timothy Sackton: How big is it
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: It's, it's about 10 feet tall. It's sort of now looming. So it's now looming out of the water.
Timothy Sackton: To arms like this sort of like one slams down on dealt with and as you
Timothy Sackton: SOUND
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK. So, yes.
Timothy Sackton: The mist begin to blow away as dealt with strikes, um, you know, start scratching on this room and
Timothy Sackton: This creature again sort of wider grip like red sort of muddy water dripping off of it stands up again and now is moving towards all of you. Ah,
Mike Sackton: Go. Wait, I didn't go back to scratching at the room after the thing attacked
Timothy Sackton: I know, I know.
Timothy Sackton: I'm saying even after you
Mike Sackton: So how far away is it I mean not far right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, like five feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Over right at the river's edge. I see.
Kate Sackton: It seeing a map. And I'm not saying I'm still seeing a map of like
Mike Sackton: No we're not seeing a map.
Timothy Sackton: I don't, I
Timothy Sackton: This is I'm going for improvisational low maintenance for this particular one.
Kate Sackton: Is totally fine. I just wanted to make sure that I wasn't having technical difficulties.
But here, let's do
Timothy Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Who's doing what
Mike Sackton: Well, I would like to
Mike Sackton: Attack it, I guess.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: It's, I can't really attack it and then get out of its
Mike Sackton: I'm going to use booming blade.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And attack it.
Mike Sackton: Oh, actually, I can bonus action to
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm gonna first I'm gonna curse it
Timothy Sackton: OK.
Mike Sackton: I will curse it to go back to the demonic depths of wherever that came from.
Mike Sackton: Then I will
Mike Sackton: Tag.
Timothy Sackton: Mrs.
Mike Sackton: One that's not that useful.
Timothy Sackton: Your office.
Timothy Sackton: Who else is doing something
David: So I'm going to show to speaker.
David: Can you
David: Get rid of that circle. Can you like dirt it away or stone it out or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I didn't think of that. That's a very interesting idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a job for yourself, you have
David: Well, I was thinking of that. But then I feel like if you can just
David: Move it. Like if you can just
David: I can just buy it or some
Eric Rosenbaum: I could just bury it. Yeah. That's very interesting.
David: Bridget somehow
Eric Rosenbaum: And you're facing your you've had to turn 180 degrees back to see where I am, because I turned back about 15 feet, but
Eric Rosenbaum: That's still in range for me to try to just turn over the earth and undo all
Eric Rosenbaum: The sort of scrambled the whole
Eric Rosenbaum: Circle of rooms.
Eric Rosenbaum: Although I can only do
Mike Sackton: Five foot cube.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's a 10 foot diameter
Timothy Sackton: It would take you like to take you like 15 or 20 seconds to like just scramble the entire thing.
Timothy Sackton: Like three rounds basically
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just scramble the part of it that dealt with those
Timothy Sackton: Was already chopping okay so as you
Timothy Sackton: You know, make your emotion and casta of rude in that direction. It
Timothy Sackton: Falls on the earth, and it just
Timothy Sackton: Like just up ends it completely. And it vanishes and again and
Timothy Sackton: Who else his hands over his when well be.
David: Solid tech attack the thing after show
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You do get sneak attack us down with isn't isn't mainly with that.
Mike Sackton: Cancel. I could use some help up here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, here.
Kate Sackton: I'm gonna charge into bed waiting to it will be discussed.
David: I'm gonna aim at it so standing still right in front of it and even I think I'm just like 10 feet away from it or something.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you're like right there 15 feet away from it. Yeah.
David: And this thing is at least three times taller than I am looming. Oh, yes, but I just pause and plant both feet and bend my knees slightly and knock and try and find carefully a spot on it to
David: Hit
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, nice rolling
David: And
Timothy Sackton: 1717 okay
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So, ah, well, these arrows strikes into the
Timothy Sackton: The sort of matted material of this and and goes into this sort of mud and you see like little bits of water sort of dripping off of this thing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Has raised when that runs forward.
Timothy Sackton: And
Kate Sackton: Things at it with my
Kate Sackton: Especially
Kate Sackton: I mean more hammer
Kate Sackton: That attention with an intention to do my follow up.
Kate Sackton: Booming lead
Business
Kate Sackton: Um, do I do, I rolled out next since everything here.
Timothy Sackton: So booming blade doesn't do anything unless it moves.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So if it moves it does extra damage, but just for all the normal damage from shatter storm.
Timothy Sackton: So if you click on the shatter.
Timothy Sackton: Steam at well well damage.
Just
Kate Sackton: Did that go through
Timothy Sackton: Now I see that good box in just 20. Yeah, there you go.
Mike
Timothy Sackton: When he rolled terribly so
Kate Sackton: I rolled and it like created a graphic of a dice it rolled over my screen.
That's like never
Timothy Sackton: DNA.
Timothy Sackton: Has digital which. There you go. Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: So I'm cans out. What are you doing,
Timothy Sackton: Sleeping Kansas.
Kate Sackton: Digital dice was an eight. If it keeps your
Timothy Sackton: Hands out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm here.
Timothy Sackton: I'm here. What do you
Kate Sackton: Like the monster, monster.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know, I'm going to put it to sleep. I can't sleep.
Timothy Sackton: You don't know how to
Eric Rosenbaum: Do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know I lost it with my my my a classic thing with a call.
Timothy Sackton: Inner power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's what it is. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK. So click on your click on your thing to roll damage and you mark off your two key.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm readjusting my position.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, there you go. Get up, right. That's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Upgrade upgrade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Consciousness. All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My role is and damaged. What am I doing here.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: 3D 10
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, that's a lot of games.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you let me see if it makes it, it does not make it so terribly
Timothy Sackton: So as you send this
Timothy Sackton: Force energy towards that it
Timothy Sackton: gets struck
Timothy Sackton: By this this black to force and then is knocked backwards and down onto the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I'm striking
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can. Yeah, you can strike it
Eric Rosenbaum: It is made of the bad Zions right
Timothy Sackton: Yes. That also helps so you rush, rush forward and you only got one arm strength.
Timothy Sackton: As a bonus action. So, but you have advantage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you want forward you
Timothy Sackton: You strike it again rushing towards it's prone form on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: And now it stands up
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Begins to sort of just like slowly lumber towards the ground and takes one step so that
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo resin and down with are all sort of surrounding it, and
Timothy Sackton: This like cloud of spores.
Mike Sackton: burst forth from that.
Timothy Sackton: I need to automate
Timothy Sackton: Constitution saving throw us
Mike Sackton: That's not good. I don't want to make a constitution saving
Mike Sackton: So I have to
Timothy Sackton: Not, not well be.
David: Oh, sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Kenzo um
Timothy Sackton: So as this cloud.
Timothy Sackton: Is lingering
Timothy Sackton: Doubt with and risk when you kind of
Timothy Sackton: Shake the effect off.
Mike Sackton: Who has that's
Mike Sackton: Not dying from poison.
Timothy Sackton: Resin. As it turns out, you are
Timothy Sackton: You are poisoned and you
Can
And you begin
Timothy Sackton: To
Timothy Sackton: Sort of hear
Timothy Sackton: Echoes of something howling and barking in the back of your mind.
Timothy Sackton: Worse.
Timothy Sackton: And then it will turn around and make a slam attack at
Timothy Sackton: Dell with which is a 12 so I see Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and at risk when which is a sexy. Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, who's doing something
Mike Sackton: I will hacks it
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then attack it.
Mike Sackton: There we go.
Timothy Sackton: That hits
Timothy Sackton: So how much so really your
Weight
Timothy Sackton: So seven nine plus to your hacks for
Timothy Sackton: So that's 13. Okay. Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so as you swing into it sort of black energy of your, of your sword cuts like six of these vines and they just crumble in on themselves. Why are you giving a disadvantage on with your hacks, by the way.
I'm
Mike Sackton: Wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: As it as it like Snap Snap Snap as some of the several of these vines.
Timothy Sackton: crumble and start to black end as
Timothy Sackton: Well be resin Kensal. Who wants to jump into the action or seeker.
David: Do the same that I did last round.
David: And again, just, you know, without having moved so like there's chaos all around me but well be is just continuing to stand.
David: In a sort of motionless.
David: Just very steadily seeking out a new point
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, quick and healing is dope. I get back. I can spend an actually get to key back
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't get you to key back. It gets you Wendy four plus to hit points back
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So 914. OK. So again, while be concentrating arrow.
Timothy Sackton: Squat out into the, into this. The as it's turning around, trying to dodge out of the way of
Timothy Sackton: God with strike your arrow, just again, sort of squashes into these blackened bits of its, its body that are
Timothy Sackton: Curling from the energy of of the hacks as wrestling.
Kate Sackton: I'm
Kate Sackton: I'm going to go out on a limb and hope that doesn't hurt me to do this, but I'm going to touch it and cast inflict wins.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yesterday,
Timothy Sackton: That hits
Timothy Sackton: So as again as you touch it.
Timothy Sackton: It.
Timothy Sackton: Begins to lakin and and dehydrate and these the
Timothy Sackton: Water sort of crackles as it begins to dry out as
Timothy Sackton: You
Timothy Sackton: As you
Timothy Sackton: See here, it's it's flashing it staggers back with that hit now clearly
Timothy Sackton: Clearly visibly damaged and looking like it's hurting
Timothy Sackton: As seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Draws glowing images of giant uses hedge clippers mortal enemy of its creature me air and largest it before it's them in vicious mockery.
Timothy Sackton: That's wisdom.
Eric Rosenbaum: Saving
Files.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and it has disadvantage on its next attack. Okay, Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My diet.
Timothy Sackton: No, you're just poison and starting to hear voices.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Oh.
Kate Sackton: Nice. Sweet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Quarter staff of awesomeness.
Mike Sackton: That ice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he dead.
Timothy Sackton: Note, but as you strike it with a your staff. It's again staggers back for a second.
Timothy Sackton: You can see that they'll like sort of starting to like become coherent a little bit that also hats.
Timothy Sackton: Are you going to spend it here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What, sure, why not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I'll flurry and all three and hit it again.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, actually, because you're poisoned you have disadvantage on all of the ones
Timothy Sackton: So you're on. I'm stray cats. Roll it roll tomorrow the 20th
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just did it. Look at all the fucking 2121 to 25
Timothy Sackton: I know, but you have disadvantage on all of those. So you have to roll them all again.
Timothy Sackton: Take the lower one.
Timothy Sackton: Quarter staff still hats.
Timothy Sackton: That's just hats.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Timothy Sackton: Why you don't get the credit, you take the lower but
Timothy Sackton: All of those still head so like
Timothy Sackton: I'm staggering, through the sort of pain of your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the slurry isn't her stuff blow. Isn't this and flurry of poison spores flying everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: Um, and again it staggers back and it's like bits of it are starting to slump off and the mud is kind of dripping down and fragments of vines are
Timothy Sackton: Are sort of cracking as
Mike Sackton: Way it gets to go before we go.
Timothy Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: wasn't sure if it had already gone
Timothy Sackton: As it turns
Timothy Sackton: And slams into Kenzo. What's your AC.
Timothy Sackton: 35 603 17
Timothy Sackton: As you
Timothy Sackton: As you just step.
Timothy Sackton: Out of the way, as it's
Timothy Sackton: staggered back by the
Timothy Sackton: By the power of your strikes it doesn't get a good, a good head and then its second slam strikes that doubt with 17. What's your AC.
Mike Sackton: 17
Timothy Sackton: Doing nine points of bludgeoning damage.
Timothy Sackton: As at then I'm
Timothy Sackton: staggers again and another explosion of spores.
Timothy Sackton: Are RAW format.
Timothy Sackton: So I need to automate consonants again.
Timothy Sackton: But no mere
Timothy Sackton: Brisbane and Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me do it again.
Timothy Sackton: You're already poison, but it may get worse.
Timothy Sackton: I'm wearing my now it doesn't get worse. You're fine.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you're not fine but
Timothy Sackton: You don't have this
Timothy Sackton: Is it
Timothy Sackton: OK.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so that was 10 damage.
Timothy Sackton: From your side 1111
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Which
Mike Sackton: Anyway,
Timothy Sackton: So as you as you swing at it you again it crackles and and begins to dry up and it takes it. It's now like one of its arms is falling off and it's
Timothy Sackton: It seems like it's nearly dead as it as it
Timothy Sackton: Is losing the ability to you know
Timothy Sackton: Stay coherent and
Timothy Sackton: Hold its form together a seeker than Welby
Eric Rosenbaum: I will excavate a region slightly behind
Mike Sackton: A 10 did you remember to give it disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, ah,
Timothy Sackton: Oh, it would have had it. Yeah, so it had disadvantage on the first attack which is against Kenzo but it's only one. It's only the next tag.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only one time.
Timothy Sackton: Right, which it missed Kenzo right
Timothy Sackton: But then it didn't have disadvantage on your attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: excavate the riverbank behind it in the hopes that it will fall in a
Eric Rosenbaum: Cut out a little area.
Eric Rosenbaum: That will flood with water, just behind its feet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, immediately behind that. Yeah. Ah, while being
David: I'm gonna do the sense of, well, the sort of pauses and glances to look at everyone else and then sort of shrugs to himself and
David: Takes the next study shot without moving
David: I think we'll take
That
Timothy Sackton: Job.
Timothy Sackton: You didn't get you didn't roll the crit damage you build up.
David: A rule for the critics.
Timothy Sackton: Click on that, click on the red short bow right underneath the 25 for the crowd.
Timothy Sackton: If you just click on that enroll 20 it should. Well, there you go. Now 20 yeah access a lot of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: I don't even need to add it up.
Timothy Sackton: That's gonna kill it.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Well be positive for a moment in the sort of chaos. Is it staggering back takes aim at this sort of black and area where, when and dealt with have both.
Timothy Sackton: With their curses both blackened it spores aims carefully takes a shot and your arrow flies. True.
Timothy Sackton: Strikes at as it
Timothy Sackton: Hits with enough force to just drive it back half a step as it then slips on the mud collapsing into the river.
Timothy Sackton: Which then you hear a cracking sound.
Timothy Sackton: And this flood of water just cascades down sweeping it passed.
Timothy Sackton: As the vines and mud and energy that was being it, you know, holding this flow of water back and swept away.
Mike Sackton: As it falls dead.
Mike Sackton: You see like a thin stream of
Mike Sackton: Of like pale gray, white
Mike Sackton: Come from the shadow thing, and by one have dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come from where
Mike Sackton: The thing we killed
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: As the as the water sweeps it away.
Mike Sackton: It was like the curse for turning to him. Yes.
Mike Sackton: The mists
Timothy Sackton: The myths begin to clear
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Quiet descends.
Timothy Sackton: Pierced only by the roaring sound of the waterfall, which now echoes
Timothy Sackton: Almost with a
Timothy Sackton: Encouraging welcoming sound.
Mike Sackton: I think somebody should on poison.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I was gonna say, I'm gonna
Kate Sackton: I was going to skip any sort of attack and immediately without my scroll of restoration before Kansas starts hearing any sort of creepy places.
Kate Sackton: But I didn't even need to worry about making a choice between attacking because you all did such a lovely job so I cast the
Kate Sackton: Spell from the scroll
Kate Sackton: Sending restoration to Kansas poisoned body.
Wait, wait. I like the poison.
Mike Sackton: That's the poison talking
Kate Sackton: You don't want to see the part where the poison starts having you hit us with your stats. So you're gonna get cured right now.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna keep destroying the runes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Between you and
Timothy Sackton: You sort of slashing at them with your sword and seeker erupting the earth around them within a few, you know, less than, you know, 1520 seconds. You've now sort of eliminated any
Timothy Sackton: sign that they were there and the mists continue to blow away as you do this.
Eric Rosenbaum: So Tim, you're saying there was a change to the water flow.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah, when the plant was this plant creature was knocked back into the river and swept away the like it was almost like a damn breaking like
Timothy Sackton: Something that had been holding the pool of water that was collecting below the waterfall back and turning it into a trickle was swept away.
Timothy Sackton: Like with a big rush of water that flows down into the valley.
Timothy Sackton: And the water flow and now looks clean
Kate Sackton: And so disappointed that we solve the clean water problem without me needing to make a giant quantity of clean water magically
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wasted weeks we successfully close the portal. The other dimension is poison the water
Eric Rosenbaum: And clear
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, they don't even really know what was summoned by that.
David: It was something
David: Like evil summon gross thing that was poisoning the water so
David: Yeah.
David: Oh, we want
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The gross monster. Those boys in the water.
Yeah.
Kate Sackton: There's a separate summoning circle that they use to summon the
Kate Sackton: Animal carcass postulating demon or
Kate Sackton: Like, should we look around for another circle to destroy or
Mike Sackton: I mean, is this
Kate Sackton: Two different things came through that circle.
Mike Sackton: All
Mike Sackton: All um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, also bola never attack.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I totally forgot about her. That was my bad.
Kate Sackton: I noticed that
Timothy Sackton: She should have been in the car, she would have been fighting with you. I just was
Timothy Sackton: Because I didn't have it set up, but I wasn't running it as an encounter cuz I wanted to get through it quickly. So I just forgot about her but pretend she was fighting with you. She wasn't like secretly that's wanting to hurt this thing or anything.
David: That's already bullet
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Movie now.
Now that we've is
Mike Sackton: Is the is the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where we drinking
Mike Sackton: Magic gone the
Mike Sackton: angry. I mean, I'll take 10 minutes to
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Ah, so
Timothy Sackton: It is
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it is gone, except for
Timothy Sackton: You see on the
Timothy Sackton: On the ground.
Timothy Sackton: There is you do sense that there is like a small residual magic left I'm
Timothy Sackton: On the ground in the center of what used to be the circle.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm, and looking there. You see, I'm
Timothy Sackton: So in the middle of what was the circle. There is a small pile of ash.
Timothy Sackton: And a like an ivory cap. Like what would have been the cap of a scroll case.
Timothy Sackton: The residual magic is coming from the little pile of ash.
Mike Sackton: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps a scroll is used
Eric Rosenbaum: To
Mike Sackton: Do something, you know, turn a pile of ash back into the scroll that it was spell is there.
Kate Sackton: Do you want that school to
Kate Sackton: Your own demons.
Mike Sackton: No, I just, I would like to know who did this.
David: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Surely go up on the bridge.
David: Yeah, what's happening with the Red Vine mutations, like us, the water
Mike Sackton: When it
I'm going to take
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Um, so, ah,
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the water has not everyone has been washed away, but the water has definitely cleared out the flood coming has definitely cleared somehow. And it seems
Timothy Sackton: What is left
Timothy Sackton: Looks already less threatening like. It's like they've deflated somewhat like
Timothy Sackton: I'm sort of drooping, a little bit. I'm
Timothy Sackton: A couple leads starting to black in and blow away.
Kate Sackton: Is so powerful ash.
Kate Sackton: Like is there still like the menacing presence in a pile of ash, even though dealt with has moved the ivory cap of the scroll
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean that there's like a little pile of ash just kind of sitting on the ground. Yes, it doesn't disappear when you, it seems like perfectly mundane that just have fun.
Mike Sackton: It's just, I mean it's the right amount of ash to be a burned up scroll
Yes.
Kate Sackton: But you originally said that the ash plus scroll every school cap had like a menacing magical residue of
Timothy Sackton: Just the same residual energy magical energy that
Timothy Sackton: Down without even seeing
Timothy Sackton: Right, like that.
Timothy Sackton: Source of the right somebody use the scroll to do this whole thing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, anybody look. Anybody else want to look around or anything.
David: What Escuela. What do you make of all this nice
Timothy Sackton: Demon summoning
Timothy Sackton: Fucking bad business if you ask me.
Timothy Sackton: Is this related to the ritual the Ark was talking about maybe
Timothy Sackton: But that was a guest in the future. And this is clearly in the past.
Mike Sackton: Weight remind me what the ritual do cork was talking about was
Timothy Sackton: When she was a prisoner. She
Timothy Sackton: Said the orc, who was a service. So she learned
Timothy Sackton: The name of God to foster mother from from the orc, who had been left to watch to make sure that ritual happened.
Mike Sackton: Now, would it make any sense that you would summon a demon.
Mike Sackton: In order to summon a bigger demon
Timothy Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Probably not.
Mike Sackton: But we killed a demon.
Yes.
Kate Sackton: That was in the middle of a ritual. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was it trying to do.
Mike Sackton: Well, presumably summon a got a death, doesn't matter right and do our turn dead creatures into evil zombie
Mike Sackton: Know things
Eric Rosenbaum: Could have been that
David: In the equip them with the arms and armor that had been collected
Mike Sackton: To format that the weapons here were old I think
Timothy Sackton: Not the ones in the crates. They were new. Oh.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, right.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: So this is all I
Timothy Sackton: The Ark made it sound like they were going to take me to a gotta if I didn't talk like it. They whoever this creature is
Timothy Sackton: Is somewhere searching for knowledge of lost artifacts, not that this was a being that would be summoned
Timothy Sackton: By another creature
Timothy Sackton: I think the orc was in her service.
Timothy Sackton: Yet service their service.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Timothy Sackton: Is there some into demon. I don't know.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Or two
Timothy Sackton: Or to whatever that thing was
Timothy Sackton: Didn't look like a demon. But somehow demon lead
Kate Sackton: It's a summon thing that was cursing the land that when we destroyed a summoning circle it went away. So my book. It's a demon.
Timothy Sackton: Fair enough.
Mike Sackton: This must have been recent
Mike Sackton: Right then, a pile of ash isn't gonna sit undisturbed. When did it last rain.
Timothy Sackton: Like
Timothy Sackton: Three, four weeks ago.
David: I can imagine a scenario that were a pile of ash and middle of a summoning circle behaves differently than your average pile of ash.
Timothy Sackton: Was like, I'm gonna
Timothy Sackton: I'm going to take a look around.
Kate Sackton: But my question remains, is there another summoning circle or
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we should walk around.
Kate Sackton: One per demon or is this one reusable.
Eric Rosenbaum: I stroll up onto the bridge and stand in the center of the bridge.
Mike Sackton: Dallas all will take a walk, take a walk around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and I'll do students since
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Did the workout, sorry. Go ahead.
Mike Sackton: As I did the water change or did the Badwater just wash away.
Timothy Sackton: The Badwater washed away.
Timothy Sackton: Hold on.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker. What is that
Timothy Sackton: I always forget this, because I, why does the range of stone science.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of all right.
Timothy Sackton: And it's like a few hundred feet right
That's
Timothy Sackton: Right. Is there anything in particular that you're looking for, or you're trying to figure out
Eric Rosenbaum: If there's anything interesting directly beneath us in the earth. And also, if there's anything interesting in the structure of the bridge.
Timothy Sackton: Okay 300 foot radius. Okay, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So that with you said you're looking around makeup. What are you are you looking just for general
Mike Sackton: Purpose.
Mike Sackton: Tracks like oh tracks.
Mike Sackton: For tracks.
Mike Sackton: I forgot I could do that.
Timothy Sackton: I can make a survival.
Mike Sackton: I'm not very good at looking for tracks, but I'll try.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Ready when Ken's our Welby. What are you guys doing
Kate Sackton: In
Kate Sackton: And have any particular skills, looking for things
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before we go
Timothy Sackton: I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ready to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we if we are
Timothy Sackton: That that thing that while we found that I call them. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I mean, it's probably faster from here to just keep going, Oh, we gotta go back and rescue the animals.
David: How far are we from the entrance to the value through that wall right now.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe a mile.
David: Is that open
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the gate is open.
Kate Sackton: So now that the water is not poisoned. We could basically just let in the vines are not deadly. We could probably just let the animals go and they'd be okay. They don't think we need to come up with complicated plans or water and food to them anymore.
Eric Rosenbaum: So fair point.
Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Probably attack each other because they're hungry but I don't think we can control that. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can probably persuade them to wait until the following day also
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean,
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyway, we'll see.
Kate Sackton: So I want to take the road straight to the door stronghold and check out the iron golem. But I also want to rescue the animals so
David: Let's go back. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, so let's uh let's wrap up. So you're gonna do you are you going to seek. Are you gonna try your suggestion animal speak with the most and
Timothy Sackton: What you are hinting at
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, you, you look so looking around.
Timothy Sackton: So, oh, I should say dealt with so you don't you don't. There's not a lot to discover here except that, um,
Timothy Sackton: You just by sort of the pattern of of sort of how the the you know the
Timothy Sackton: Land is in this area, you do get the sense that this is like two to four weeks old, not
Timothy Sackton: months old, not days old.
David: Oh I by doing my service for a month and a day, they would have had to redo this every month.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Probably or after a month. Something terrible would have happened.
Mike Sackton: When the demon broke free and
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Make sense though that would have Tim smiling.
Eric Rosenbaum: They forgot it was February.
Eric Rosenbaum: They miscalculated two days.
David: Variable months.
Timothy Sackton: So, um, you had backup to the to the castle to free the animals.
Timothy Sackton: Secret. Where do you want to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so we decided that the dominant animals are the
Timothy Sackton: Lions, actually. Yeah. So there's like to
Timothy Sackton: Like you know
Timothy Sackton: Not in, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Obviously, none of the animals here are
Timothy Sackton: Healthy and and in good shape. But one of the two lines. Seems you know it's a it's an
Timothy Sackton: Email and its prime strong, you know,
Timothy Sackton: probably bigger than than anything else. The other one is a
Timothy Sackton: Is a juvenile so so this this female line is probably the biggest animal in in here. Um,
Timothy Sackton: And yeah, probably would be the most dominant of anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I'm gonna cast the cast speaker, the animals.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep. And then suggestion you suggest a course of activity.
Eric Rosenbaum: And influence a creature. You can see the range that can understand you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's be awarded to make it sound reasonable. Oh, the target makes a Wisdom saving throw
Eric Rosenbaum: Island. If it fails, it does the thing. Yes. But if not, it doesn't do anything.
Correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
David: Secret. I'm gonna come over, I'm coming over with you and sort of
David: Watching and looking at you with the animals.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, so I think I'll try to persuade this lion.
Eric Rosenbaum: To
Eric Rosenbaum: Lead the other fried creatures with it to
Eric Rosenbaum: Help me out here. There, they're going to go together. The lion leading the etc.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where should, where should I asked them to go.
Mike Sackton: Or do we need to the wider and
Eric Rosenbaum: If anything,
Mike Sackton: Yeah, water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Down, down to the to the pool of water under the waterfall to drink.
Yeah.
David: And then illegally.
Mike Sackton: Is I assume that the
Mike Sackton: pits and missed here is still poisoned.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: There's still that sort of oil slick over the water. Yeah, not nothing washed it away.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'll suggest to avoid all that it straight out the gate is already too long.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, they can have a number of dependent clauses, the sentences.
Eric Rosenbaum: So say at dawn tomorrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Head straight out into the water.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then disperse
Eric Rosenbaum: Out of the valley avoiding human settlements.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which would be a good direction to go to him on the map to avoid places that people live.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, West or east not South
Mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: OK, I will cast
Eric Rosenbaum: Suggestion
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it as you as you are sort of speaking this
Timothy Sackton: To
Timothy Sackton: Sort of chanting in this sort of low series of growls
Timothy Sackton: You know, piercing through the sound of the of the animals.
Timothy Sackton: yapping and barking around you, this lion sort of pulls herself up a little bit and turns and looks at you and sort of
Timothy Sackton: Briefly directly into your eyes and gives you this very slight nod, and then turns and looks around,
Timothy Sackton: Left and right at the other animals and let's have this enormous roar.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Quiet briefly falls.
David: I'm standing next to secret like pointing at him and give me like a thumbs up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good rock, I will be let's we have to sit to work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Release an animal animals from their from their bonds.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now I neglected to specify contractually that they wouldn't eat us while we do this, but presumably this lobby.
David: I think we're cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: The lines are church.
David: Through systematically
David: Freeing all of them, giving the hanging his hands.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like this. Your sketches.
Timothy Sackton: And they seem to
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: There's, you know, they're still loud. They're still seem hungry, but it does seem calmer now than it was when you left the castle.
Timothy Sackton: Something about the atmosphere in the Valley has changed and
Timothy Sackton: They seem less worked up
David: So once once we get them free turn to you seeker and say, I'm going to go down with them and make sure that they get out. Okay. And I'll climb on the back of one of the lions and right off with them.
Kate Sackton: The three hyenas. Get out of their pits to where we're at this
Timothy Sackton: I assume that you would have rescued the three of us.
Eric Rosenbaum: We rescue the three heinous as well.
Timothy Sackton: I know experimentation on any animals so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we just gets to live the line and doesn't have to roll the dice that just happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just like casually gets on the line, everything is fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is
Timothy Sackton: That that's what seems to happen when you watch well be that he stands there looking at the line for a moment, and then the lion stops and looks at him.
David: We give each other. We kind of give each other the head nod.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, exactly like that.
Timothy Sackton: Sup, dude. Then he climbs on and they ride off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or
David: An XP with mixed results.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So,
All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's cool.
Timothy Sackton: So you're gonna ride with them and then return
David: Yeah, I want to make sure all of them leave the valley, just like get out
Right.
Timothy Sackton: So the rest of you stand and watch as this procession of of animals with half laying riding a lion, and it's a very tame lion that seems to be moving with
Timothy Sackton: Behaving quite oddly for a line like almost like a sheep dog would right like you know pacing up and down the sides of this of this herd of predators like roaring at them sort of moving to sort of keep them in line and and direct
Timothy Sackton: You know, direct the, the, the group away from you and down through the valley.
Timothy Sackton: Well be
Timothy Sackton: Riding on its back this entire time.
Timothy Sackton: As they
Timothy Sackton: Move down the river.
Timothy Sackton: And out into the valley and begin to disperse
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, we do everything we need to do here, except for see that fucking iron golden I know somebody wants to look at that, before we go.
David: Let's get
David: Out of here.
Mike Sackton: Did we get the
Mike Sackton: All the stuff wasn't there a tower that maybe had some notes or like, did we get all the info, we could get from the two towers.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah okay well that's the, that's the luck.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that's where the log book. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, that was the
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah MacBook.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I'm
Timothy Sackton: Leaving the valley.
Timothy Sackton: With some
Timothy Sackton: Some mystery solved.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait till we're gonna go higher dollar
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that's right. Ah, you had back into the dwarves and caves and approach.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: So so well be had described this right there was a
Timothy Sackton: Sort of in these cases where we're in a car. The, the crazy dwarf person to our flight person lead you there was a sort of a side passage that was partially blocked off like barricaded like the hog goblins had had this is as far as they've gotten and built a sort of defensive
Timothy Sackton: Position here and we'll be leads you here and then down the corridor.
Timothy Sackton: Beyond this, as you begin to move towards
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a
Timothy Sackton: Sort of open for mine area and you as you walk in this direction. You hear this.
Timothy Sackton: clunk, clunk, clunk stop pause for a few seconds and then back and as you begin to approach you can see ahead of you. This what looks like a statue.
Timothy Sackton: Of a of a large dwarf taller than a doorbell than an actual dwarf like twice the size of a dwarf maybe an eight foot tall bourbon statue that is sort of limping back and forth.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of dragging one foot not not not work, not sort of moving in perfect smooth less
Timothy Sackton: Pacing and
Timothy Sackton: Sort of guarding the entrance to whatever is here.
David: Early an entrance
David: To something that we have not yet proceeded or
Timothy Sackton: Guarding and into something you have not yet proceeded to yes
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we near this is
Eric Rosenbaum: What area are we
Timothy Sackton: So this is
Timothy Sackton: This is like near the forge on the map.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, well the minds, presumably be
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the minds and the Ford. Right. So you're going underneath you basically gone well this map is not really particularly perfect there's a there's a passageway underneath the market area that is not
Timothy Sackton: That is not on this map that
Timothy Sackton: Comes out sort of near this minds forge area.
Timothy Sackton: Which is not a, not a place you have been
Eric Rosenbaum: Mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: So brilliantly. The
Eric Rosenbaum: Unmanned valuable oars in the earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or what this thing would be predicting
David: Carriers when you want to, you want to say the command worth it makes it stuff.
Kate Sackton: I'm definitely going to approach it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: You begin to walk towards it. What is it, is everybody else. Where does everybody else doing like
Mike Sackton: Back, back
David: Back hurts.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll go with him.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, um,
Timothy Sackton: As it as it begins to
Timothy Sackton: Its so it seems to be not like fully
Timothy Sackton: functioning properly, like, as it
Timothy Sackton: As you begin to approach it sort of turns turns notice as you and start to try to walk forward and begins to try to lift up, it's, it's x, but it can't get it's can't get his arms above like you know it's shoulders. So it's like keeps going like this and sort of trying to
Timothy Sackton: To struggle towards you and then it it pauses for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: And says,
Timothy Sackton: Stop.
Timothy Sackton: in Durban.
Kate Sackton: And ice replying to urban you need repairs. I will repair you
Timothy Sackton: Just keep doing the same thing like
Timothy Sackton: Stop.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh.
Timothy Sackton: And like tries to lift attacks. It's like looking around its eyes are sort of like like slightly glowing
Timothy Sackton: And it's like, turning his head slightly like it's trying to see something
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's, it's just boring our way down the passage
Um,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's so it's trying to, but it can't quite like get itself in position to block east, you could
lags
Kate Sackton: See here. Do you think that you could hold its attention. I could move a little bit to one side or the other and see if I can figure out how to just inactivated because it's
Kate Sackton: Not
Kate Sackton: That menacing
Eric Rosenbaum: One.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps useful and funny thing I could do is bring it down to size a bit
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's currently what like
Timothy Sackton: Eight feet tall or something. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Doubled like say maybe seven feet tall.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Seven, eight feet tall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, just give me a minute here. I haven't practiced this one much but
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll try.
Timothy Sackton: To use
Timothy Sackton: That's an all this is an interesting
Timothy Sackton: Interesting question. Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it a creature or an object.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: makes it work.
Eric Rosenbaum: It can make a constitution saving throw if it's unwilling
Eric Rosenbaum: You're
Eric Rosenbaum: Hearing it carrying she just does
Timothy Sackton: So I'm not. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That's very interesting. Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So as you begin to um
Timothy Sackton: Let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: We've
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaking gluing it
Eric Rosenbaum: Around it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To stick by it. Well, we were just like still pass it.
Mike Sackton: What are we trying to achieve exactly
David: We're trying to
Kate Sackton: Clean with a gun.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that's the one before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now it's gonna be a pocket size go
Timothy Sackton: Um, so
Timothy Sackton: It sizes have been all dimensions. So it's not going to be pocket sized
Timothy Sackton: Fluffy like Torben sized
Timothy Sackton: Right. Um, but as you begin to
Timothy Sackton: You know, we've this this spell to
Timothy Sackton: Reduce its size. The this. It's so it's. It looks almost like a living like a living statue, right, like it's it's made of stone, but it seems to be moving
Timothy Sackton: You know, moving like a like a goal or something but but it's made us don't know iron and it
Timothy Sackton: Um, its chest starts to glow slightly as the, as you send this room towards that.
Timothy Sackton: You can see that it's almost like it's absorbing the energy
Timothy Sackton: And it, it sort of turns and looks sort of blanks its eyes slightly and looks directly at you and says,
Timothy Sackton: dwarves.
Timothy Sackton: It's form does not change.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, didn't work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, we are. We are dwarfs, so you can let us pass
Eric Rosenbaum: By saying
Timothy Sackton: My dwarves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of course, we are your
Door.
Kate Sackton: Oh, hold up this to the brawn and bowls and say, you know,
Kate Sackton: My family have
Kate Sackton: Been part of this community for generations.
Timothy Sackton: When it sees the shield
Timothy Sackton: It again. It's like eyes sort of slightly were and points toward you know look towards you and it, it says now more confidently in Durban, and it's voice when it speaks it sounds. It sounds like stone sort of grading on stone and it says
Timothy Sackton: Yes, my doors and steps aside.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well done was when
Kate Sackton: Didn't want to start with the shield in case it smashed it says that was the whole point to make last
David: In the last five minutes of your question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, let's go ahead and see what you
Timothy Sackton: Sow I gotta pop my
Timothy Sackton: Old. Old notes here um
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: What you see as you
Timothy Sackton: Head past this statue. This guardian is
Timothy Sackton: What looks like.
Timothy Sackton: Room. That was one
Timothy Sackton: A
Timothy Sackton: Two. A mineshaft but the equipment and I'm you know the
Timothy Sackton: Notes and
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, the equipment in the and the sort of
Timothy Sackton: All the scaffolding and everything has been destroyed, but there's just giant cracks in the floor going down.
Timothy Sackton: And beyond the
Timothy Sackton: mine shaft. You can see a what looks like a the remains of a master's workshop. There's like hunks of unrefined or
Timothy Sackton: There are bellows and balls, a smelter
Timothy Sackton: Most of it is, you know, iron, steel, things like that. But there is one I'm relatively large
Timothy Sackton: Piece of doll of this sort of dough.
Timothy Sackton: Matt iron metal that that seeker strikes you immediately as something different.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's. Is this the stuff that we saw before. Yeah, I forget what it's called.
Timothy Sackton: adamantium
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's super valuable. So we should talk that onto the desk.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We make can we make a clause out of it and like stick it into our bones and and
Timothy Sackton: You could potentially make armor out of it.
Timothy Sackton: So can campaigns over to my players come out of the minds know
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we do anything else to see here, we look down into the pit.
Timothy Sackton: That the pitches drops away to blackness far beyond what you can see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So there comes into it.
Eric Rosenbaum: There had been ladders and stuff, but it's
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's like, there had been there was like a platform with like a crankshaft in up and that could be lower down and ladders on the side at side and you know buckets for or and all of that. But now it's just sort of piles of rubble.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what what is what might have happened here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We'll see. I like how you guys dismiss me when I said Kensal jumps into the bit, because if I were slightly more powerful actually could jump into the pit and probably land to the ground because
Mike Sackton: That's true.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's true. I can, I can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can I jump without getting hurt him.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you can jump something like
Timothy Sackton: 40 feet and be guaranteed not to get hurt. And you can jump, you could very likely survive 80 feet.
Timothy Sackton: 80 to 100 feet, you would
Timothy Sackton: Likely survive, but you won't be guaranteed.
Eric Rosenbaum: And likely survive is
Eric Rosenbaum: A bit
Timothy Sackton: But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How deep is this whole
Timothy Sackton: Are there. Ah, well, it's more than 120 feet because it's beyond the range of resins starfish. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, I won't jump.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could have destroyed the equipment.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I mean,
Timothy Sackton: Possibly mind players.
Eric Rosenbaum: But some malevolent force, not just time and erosion.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah yeah this was definitely and that looking more closely at the the statue. It seems to have been damaged in battle, like it was not
Kate Sackton: Here.
Timothy Sackton: It's not just out of repair. Because it's old. It was it's been, it was damaged at one point, and it's still sort of protected.
Timothy Sackton: This area as best you can and and the
Timothy Sackton: You know, in a car and her crew or in the hall goblins never got in here, which is why they're still valuable or and stuff laying around but
Timothy Sackton: You know, this is, this is the you know it it's like the vault. Right. That was, you know, have been
Timothy Sackton: Smashed from the inside when something's tunneled in
Timothy Sackton: Your best guess is that something possibly mind flares came up from the mine shaft in and attacked the dwarf outpost.
Timothy Sackton: But many, many, many years ago, like generations ago.
Timothy Sackton: So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You got everything I said we did. We did we conquer ravens whole
Kate Sackton: Scene.
Kate Sackton: I can say it's all the urban a
Kate Sackton: stronghold, and can report to my family. Yes, who's living here. And what else remains
Timothy Sackton: So as you
Timothy Sackton: Head out
Timothy Sackton: Quietly three, the secret door.
Timothy Sackton: Back down the passageway Volo following silently behind
Timothy Sackton: In the afternoon you return
To one
Timothy Sackton: Question on the horse is alive.
No.
Mike Sackton: No, the horses are fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, you
Timothy Sackton: You come out.
Timothy Sackton: Through the
Timothy Sackton: clear water of the mountain stream protecting the back entrance to the Durban hold
Timothy Sackton: To your horses, the camp. You had set up your giant barrel of oil to burn down the
Timothy Sackton: The plants you know your
Timothy Sackton: Your tents, your
Timothy Sackton: You know all the equipment you hadn't bothered to luck.
Timothy Sackton: With you through the
Timothy Sackton: You know, through the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Turn
Timothy Sackton: Writing South
Timothy Sackton: For a few hours to come place to camp for the evening.
Timothy Sackton: As
Timothy Sackton: We will end our session there.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's the tavern.
Timothy Sackton: You'll have to make your own tavern.
Timothy Sackton: Back with your back with your
Timothy Sackton: Your horses in your camp, you can
Timothy Sackton: You can have some beer or something from your supplies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Be currently, we don't have any rugs with me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, wait, wait. But we were we were in like a giant warm and stronghold. I mean, there was no alle there was no like there was no like kind of giant like you know barrels full of borbon you know
Kate Sackton: 200 year old spirits.
Timothy Sackton: two year old.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I think that
Timothy Sackton: Possibly. There was, but the people living in there now had got to it already.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a tragedy.
Tragedy
Timothy Sackton: Wow, I'm I'm impressed. I wasn't sure you would ever finished.
Timothy Sackton: Job.
Timothy Sackton: You made
Eric Rosenbaum: And we rescued all the animals.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was the primary goal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did we rescue the golem or is it still there.
Timothy Sackton: Now it's still the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: We rehabilitate rehabilitated. The Golden
Kate Sackton: Yeah, couldn't make it small enough for me to take it home with me.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's it's immutable informs you can't change its form or shrink it or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Grow and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool dudes.